PCCW's chief operating officer, Mike Butcher, and Alex Arena, the chief financial officer, will report directly to Mr So.	Current Chief Operating Officer Mike Butcher and Group Chief Financial Officer Alex Arena will report to So.
The world's two largest automakers said their U.S. sales declined more than predicted last month as a late summer sales frenzy caused more of an industry backlash than expected.	Domestic sales at both GM and No. 2 Ford Motor Co. declined more than predicted as a late summer sales frenzy prompted a larger-than-expected industry backlash.
According to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (news - web sites), there were 19 reported cases of measles in the United States in 2002.	The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said there were 19 reported cases of measles in the United States in 2002.
The settling companies would also assign their possible claims against the underwriters to the investor plaintiffs, he added.	Under the agreement, the settling companies will also assign their potential claims against the underwriters to the investors, he added.
A Washington County man may have the countys first human case of West Nile virus, the health department said Friday.	The countys first and only human case of West Nile this year was confirmed by health officials on Sept. 8.
Moseley and a senior aide delivered their summary assessments to about 300 American and allied military officers on Thursday.	General Moseley and a senior aide presented their assessments at an internal briefing for American and allied military officers at Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada on Thursday.
Consumers would still have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.	To watch pay television, consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service.
The increase reflects lower credit losses and favorable interest rates.	The gain came as a result of fewer credit losses and lower interest rates.
The device plays Internet radio streams and comes with a 30-day trial of RealNetworks' Rhapsody music service.	The product also streams Internet radio and comes with a 30-day free trial for RealNetworks' Rhapsody digital music subscription service.
Evidence suggests two of the victims were taken by surprise, while the other two might have tried to flee or to defend themselves or the others, police said.	Evidence suggests two victims were taken by surprise, while the others may have tried to flee or perhaps defend themselves or their friends, police said.
A charter plane crashed in Turkey on Monday, killing all 75 people aboard, including 62 Spanish peacekeepers returning from Afghanistan, officials said.	A plane carrying 75 people, including 62 Spanish peacekeepers returning from Afghanistan, crashed in thick fog in Turkey early on Monday, killing all aboard, officials said.
Moroccan Interior Minister Al Mustapha Sahel said the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist.	Moroccan Interior Minister Al Mustapha Sahel told state-run 2M television late Saturday the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently" an apparent reference to Salafist Jihad.
"I'm delighted that David Chase has decided to give us another chapter in the great 'Sopranos' saga," HBO chairman and chief executive Chris Albrecht said.	"I'm delighted that David Chase has decided to give us another chapter in the great Sopranos saga," said HBO Chairman Chris Albrecht in a statement.
The two had argued that only a new board would have had the credibility to restore El Paso to health.	He and Zilkha believed that only a new board would have had the credibility to restore El Paso to health.
"There's no reason for you to keep your skills up," the judge told the convicted crack cocaine kingpin.	"There's no reason for you to keep your skills up," U.S. District Judge J. Frederick Motz told McGriff after he was sentenced.
Still, he said, "I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill."	"I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill," Frist, R-Tenn., said Thursday.
"Senator Clinton should be ashamed of herself for playing politics with the important issue of homeland security funding," he said.	"She should be ashamed of herself for playing politics with this important issue," said state budget division spokesman Andrew Rush.
Federal agents said yesterday they are investigating the theft of 1,200 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week.	Federal investigators are looking for possible connections between the theft of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week.
Schofield got Toepfer to admit on cross-examination that she ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.	But under cross-examination by O'Donnell's attorney, Lorna Schofield, Toepfer conceded she had ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.
The man accused of using fake grenades to commandeer a Cuban plane that landed in Key West in April was sentenced Friday to 20 years in prison.	A Cuban architect was sentenced to 20 years in prison Friday for using two fake grenades to hijack a passenger plane from Cuba to Florida in April.
Moroccan police have arrested 33 suspects, including some linked to the radical Djihad Salafist group, a government official said.	In a series of raids, Moroccan police arrested 33 suspects Saturday, including some linked to the radical Djihad Salafist group, a senior government official said.
The son of circus trapeze artists turned vaudevillians, O'Connor was born on Aug. 28, 1925, in Chicago and was carried onstage for applause when he was three days old.	The son of circus trapeze artists turned vaudevillians, O'Connor was carried onstage for applause when he was 3 days old.
Ricky Clemons' brief, troubled Missouri basketball career is over.	Missouri kicked Ricky Clemons off its team, ending his troubled career there.
Dynes will get $395,000 a year, up from Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.	In his new position, Dynes will earn $395,000, a significant increase over Atkinson's salary of $361,400.
Snow's remark ``has a psychological impact,'' said Hans Redeker, head of foreign-exchange strategy at BNP Paribas.	Snow's remark on the dollar's effects on exports ``has a psychological impact,'' said Hans Redeker, head of foreign- exchange strategy at BNP Paribas.
"The National has no interest in acquiring AMP while AMP owns its UK business," Cicutto added.	"The National has no interest in acquiring AMP while AMP owns its U.K. business," NAB chief executive Frank Cicutto said.
In a statement, Mr. Rowland said: "As is the case with all appointees, Commissioner Anson is accountable to me.	"As is the case with all appointees, Commissioner Anson is accountable to me," Rowland said.
Taha is married to former Iraqi oil minister Amir Muhammed Rasheed, who surrendered to U.S. forces on April 28.	Taha's husband, former oil minister Amer Mohammed Rashid, surrendered to U.S. forces on April 28.
Cisco pared spending during the quarter to compensate for sluggish sales.	In response to sluggish sales, Cisco pared spending.
Seven 20- and 21-year-old cadets were ticketed by police for drinking alcohol in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two young women, aged 16 and 18.	Seven 20- and 21-year-old male cadets were caught in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two female teens, 16 and 18 years.
Last year, Congress passed similar, though less expensive, buyout legislation for peanut farmers, ending that Depression-era program.	Last year, Congress passed similar, though less expensive, buyout legislation for peanut farmers to end that program that also dated from the Depression years.
On July 22, Moore announced he would appeal the case directly to the U.S. Supreme Court.	Moore of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation's highest court.
"They were chipping away at the concrete to get to the body," said Chris Butler, who lives across the street.	Investigators "were chipping away at the concrete to get to the body," said Chris Butler, who lives across the street in the quiet city neighborhood.
Nicholas is the uncle of Louima, the Haitian immigrant who was sexually tortured by NYPD cops in 1997.	Mr. Nicolas is an uncle of Abner Louima, who was tortured by New York City police officers in 1997.
The procedure is generally performed in the second or third trimester.	The technique is used during the second and, occasionally, third trimester of pregnancy.
"Just sitting around in a big base camp, knocking back cans of beer, I don't particularly regard as mountaineering," he added.	"Sitting around in base camp knocking back cans of beer - that I don't particularly regard as mountaineering."
She survives him as do their four children -- sons Anthony and Kelly, daughters Linda Hope and Nora Somers -- and four grandchildren.	Hope is survived by his wife; sons Anthony and Kelly; daughters Linda and Nora Somers; and four grandchildren.
It exploded in his hands, but the former Italian prime minister was unhurt.	The letter bomb sent to Prodi exploded in his hands but he was unhurt.
Now, with the agency's last three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia disaster, that wait could be even longer.	With the remaining three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia accident, the rookies will have to wait even longer.
ISRAELI soldiers knocked down empty mobile homes and water towers in 10 tiny West Bank settlement outposts overnight as part of a US-backed Mideast peace plan.	Israeli soldiers began tearing down settlement outposts in the West Bank yesterday - an Israeli obligation under a new Mideast peace plan.
"These documents are indecipherable to me, and the fact is that this investigation has led nowhere," the lawyer said.	"These documents are indecipherable to me," the lawyers said, "and the fact is that this investigation has led nowhere."
Another body was pulled from the water on Thursday and two seen floating down the river could not be retrieved due to the strong currents, local reporters said.	Two more bodies were seen floating down the river on Thursday, but could not be retrieved due to the strong currents, local reporters said.
Those reports were denied by the interior minister, Prince Nayef.	However, the Saudi interior minister, Prince Nayef, denied the reports.
Other members of the organization are believed to be in Pakistani cities, and many of the arrests of key al-Qaida operatives have taken place in those areas.	Other members of the organization are believed to be in Pakistani cities, where many of the arrests of key Al Qaeda operatives have taken place.
"Our decision today is quite limited," the judges stated in their opinion.	"Our decision today is quite limited," they conclude.
The woman had agreed to testify after receiving immunity protecting her from punishment for lying and other violations of the academy's honor code.	The defense said the woman testified under an immunity deal protecting her from punishment for lying and other violations of the academy's honor code.
Under terms of the deal, Legato stockholders will receive 0.9 of a share of EMC common stock for each share of Legato stock.	Legato stockholders will get 0.9 of a share of EMC stock for every share of Legato they own.
"Our prognosis for a continued and steady recovery is being realized, and the outlook remains bright," bureau CEO Greg Stuart says.	"Our prognosis for a continued and steady recovery is being realized and the outlook remains bright," said Greg Stuart, president and CEO of the IAB.
Kingston also finished with 67 after producing six birdies on the back nine.	South Africa's James Kingston is also on five under after blitzing six birdies on his back nine.
"At least two of them were supposed to be in positions of leadership for the younger boys.	"At least two of [the suspects] were supposed to be in positions of leadership," he said.
Ms Lafferty's lawyer, Thomas Ezzell, told a Kentucky newspaper: "My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen.	"My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen," Ezzell said.
Its Canadian operations only buy beef from facilities that are federally inspected and approved by the Canadian Food Inspection Agency.	"McDonald's Canada only purchases beef from facilities federally inspected and approved by the Canadian Food Inspection Agency."
While there were about 700 Uruguayan UN peacekeepers in Bunia, they were "neither trained nor equipped" to deal with inter-ethnic violence, Mr Eckhard said.	The UN has approximately 600 troops in the town, but they were "neither trained nor equipped" to deal with inter-ethnic violence, Mr Eckhard said.
Shares of Coke were down 49 cents, or 1.1 percent, at $43.52 in early trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange.	In late morning trading, Coke shares were down 2 cents at $43.99 on the New York Stock Exchange.
If people took the pill daily, they would lower their risk of heart attack by 88 percent and of stroke by 80 percent, the scientists claim.	Taking the pill would lower the risk of heart attack by 88 percent and of stroke by 80 percent, the scientists said.
Amgen shares gained 93 cents, or 1.45 percent, to $65.05 in afternoon trading on Nasdaq.	Shares of Allergan were up 14 cents at $78.40 in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
From the start, however, the United States' declared goal was not just to topple Saddam but to stabilize Iraq and install a friendly government.	But the United States' ultimate goal was not just to topple Mr. Hussein but to stabilize the country and install a friendly government.
Customers that pay the $1,219 entrance fee get SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses.	Retail pricing for SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses is $1,219.
MSN Messenger 6 will be available for download starting at 6 p.m. GMT on Wednesday from http://messenger.msn.com/download/v6preview.asp.	The MSN Messenger 6 software will be available from 11 a.m. PST on Wednesday, according to Microsoft.
The most serious breach of royal security in recent years occurred in 1982 when 30-year-old Michael Fagan broke into the queen's bedroom at Buckingham Palace.	It was the most serious breach of royal security since 1982 when an intruder, Michael Fagan, found his way into the Queen's bedroom at Buckingham Palace.
The network is also dropping its Friday night "Dateline" edition.	The network will drop one edition of "Dateline," its newsmagazine franchise.
"I'm real excited to be a Cleveland Cavalier," James said.	"I'm really excited about going to Cleveland," James told ESPN.com.
The others were ABN AMRO AAH.AS , ING ING.AS , Goldman Sachs GS.N and Rabobank [RABN.UL].	The five main banks are ABN AMRO AAH.AS , ING ING.AS , J.P. Morgan JPM.N , Goldman Sachs GS.N and Rabobank [RABN.UL].
They were at Raffles Hospital over the weekend for further evaluation.	They underwent more tests over the weekend, and are now warded at Raffles Hospital.
Rich media doubled its share, increasing from 3% in Q2 2002 to 6% in Q2 2003.	Rich Media interactive ad formats doubled their share from 3% in second quarter of 2002, to 6% in the second quarter of 2003.
Supermarket chains facing a possible grocery clerk strike this week accused union leaders Monday of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend.	Supermarket chains are accusing union leaders of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend as grocery clerks gear up for a possible strike.
Don Asper called the attack "bothersome," before he and his wife contacted the firm's Web site provider to replace the vandalized page.	In a telephone interview, Don Asper called the attack "bothersome," before he and his wife contacted the firm's web site provider to have the vandalised page replaced.
York had no problem with MTA's insisting the decision to shift funds had been within its legal rights.	York had no problem with MTA's saying the decision to shift funds was within its powers.
Licensing revenue slid 21 percent, however, to $107.6 million.	License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $107.6 million.
In his speech, Cheney praised Barbour's accomplishments as chairman of the Republican National Committee.	Cheney returned Barbour's favorable introduction by touting Barbour's work as chair of the Republican National Committee.
If the magazine lost more than $4.2 million in a fiscal year, O'Donnell would be allowed to quit.	If Rosie lost more than $4.2 million in a fiscal year, O'Donnell - by contract - would have been permitted to quit.
The upcoming second-quarter earnings season will be particularly important in offering investors guidance, they say.	They say second-quarter earnings reports will be key in giving investors that guidance.
During her two days of meetings, Rocca will not meet the rebels since they are banned by the United States as a "terrorist organisation".	During her two-day visit, Rocca will not meet the rebels since the United States has banned them as a "terrorist organisation".
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI added 38 points, or 0.42 percent, to 9,165.	The Dow Jones Industrial Average [$INDU] ended at session highs, gaining 64.64 points, or 0.7 percent, to 9,191.09.
By the time the two-term president left office in 1989, the Navy had nearly 600 ships--about twice the ships it has today.	By the time that Reagan left office in 1989, the Navy had nearly 600 ships - about twice the number that it has today.
We are piloting it there to see whether we roll it out to other products.	Macromedia is piloting this product activation system in Contribute to test whether to roll it out to other products.
This issue is unlikely to be resolved until lawmakers return from their summer recess in early September.	The issue is unlikely to be resolved until Congress reconvenes in early September.
"We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration," Mr. Reed said in his letter.	"We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration," Reed said in a letter to the NYSE's 1,366 members.
Judge Gerald W. Heaney, in dissent, said the authorities should have allowed the prisoner to be medicated without the consequence of execution.	In dissent, Judge Gerald W. Heaney said the authorities should have allowed Mr. Singleton to be medicated without the consequence of execution.
That was 4 cents higher than the expectations of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.	The per-share earnings were also 4 cents per share higher than the expectations of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
In a statement, Microsoft said the dividend is payable Nov. 7 to shareholders of record on Oct. 17.	The dividend, the company's second this calendar year, is payable on Nov. 7 to shareholders of record at the close of business Oct. 17.
She asked to be excused from last week's Cabinet session to prepare for a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.	She took the highly unusual step of skipping cabinet to attend a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
The jury asked for transcripts of Quattrone's testimony about his role in the IPO allocation process.	The jury asked to have Mr. Quattrone's testimony about his role in the allocation of stock offerings read to them.
I have no doubt whatever that the evidence of Iraqi weapons of mass destruction will be there.	"I have said throughout ... I have absolutely no doubt about the existence of weapons of mass destruction.
Albertsons and Kroger's Ralphs chain locked out their workers in response.	Kroger's Ralphs chain and Albertsons immediately locked out their grocery workers in a show of solidarity.
It later emerged that he had broken his right thigh and bones in his right wrist and elbow.	Tour doctors later confirmed that he had broken his right leg near the hip and also sustained wrist and elbow fractures.
Court Judge Robert Sweet said the plaintiffs failed "to draw an adequate casual connection between the consumption of McDonald's food and their alleged injuries."	The judge in U.S. District Court in Manhattan said the plaintiffs had failed "to draw an adequate casual connection between the consumption of McDonald's food and their alleged injuries."
A neighbor said a duffel bag containing a woman's body was dug up, and the other body was encased in concrete.	A neighbor said a woman's body was dug up in a duffel bag, and the other was encased in concrete.
Southwest said it completed inspections of its entire fleet of 385 aircraft -- all 737s -- and found no additional items.	Southwest said it had already inspected its fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional suspicious items.
The South Korean Agriculture and Forestry Ministry also said it would throw out or send back all Canadian beef currently in store.	The South Korean Agriculture and Forestry Ministry said it would scrap or return all Canadian beef in store.
"The Domino application server is going to be around for at least the next decade."	"The Domino application server will be around for the next decade," he said.
Sequent representatives could not immediately be reached for comment on the SCO announcement.	A spokesman for SCO could not be reached for comment this afternoon.
CCAG supported Bill Curry, Rowland's opponent in the 2002 gubernatorial election.	Mr. Swan's group supported the governor's Democratic opponent, Bill Curry, in the 2002 election.
The study is being published today in the journal Science.	Their findings were published today in Science.
"The panel told the U.S. to correct its flawed determination," said Pierre Pettigrew, Canada's trade minister, in a statement.	"The panel told the U.S. to correct its flawed determination," Mr. Pettigrew said in a statement.
Kay was sent to Iraq to co-ordinate efforts to find the weapons that US intelligence reported before the invasion that ousted Iraqi president Saddam Hussein had.	Kay was sent to Iraq this summer to coordinate efforts to find the weapons that U.S. intelligence reported before the war that Saddam Hussein had.
"It's a recognition that we were provided faulty information," Tom Daschle, the senate Democratic leader, told reporters.	"It's a recognition that we were provided faulty information," Senate Democratic Leader Tom Daschle of South Dakota told reporters.
Monday's attacks Monday were among the deadliest against Americans since Sept. 11, 2001.	They were the deadliest terrorist attacks against Americans since September 11.
The MDC called the strike to force Mr Mugabe to either resign or negotiate a settlement of the Zimbabwe crisis.	The MDC called the week-long protest to urge Mugabe either to resign or to negotiate a settlement of the crisis gripping the country.
Police and school officials agreed last week to step up police presence in response to reports of increased violence and gang activity.	Police met with school officials Oct. 24 and agreed to increase their presence after reports of increased violence and gang activity.
"We started our investigation of the child porn ring last year in August and soon realized that it was a big thing," Mr. Beer said.	"We started our investigation of the child porn ring last year in August and soon realised that it was a big thing," Mr Beer told a packed press conference.
But planning for an expansion of Wagerup has been caught up in a heated debate about the existing project's effect on local residents.	But plans to expand Wagerup had been caught up in a heated debate about the existing pro-ject's impact on the amenity of local residents.
PeopleSoft management could choose to activate an anti-takeover defense known as a "poison pill," designed to thwart undesired suitors.	PeopleSoft is equipped with an anti-takeover defence, known as a "poison pill," designed to thwart undesired suitors.
In connection with the incident, I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately."	"I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately," he said.
Hotly contested legislation that would change the state's takeover law and help a Michigan-based development company fend off a takeover cleared the state Senate on Thursday.	Legislation that would change state takeover law and help Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a $1-billion takeover won committee approval Tuesday.
The New York Mets then selected outfielder Lastings Milledge from Lakewood Ranch High School in Florida.	The Mets took Lastings Milledge, an outfielder from Florida, with the 12th pick.
Coca-Cola said it expected its write-down to cut a quarter of a penny per share from second-quarter earnings.	The write-down will cut a quarter of a penny per share from second-quarter earnings, according to Coca-Cola.
The Defense Department statement said legal access for Hamdi was not required by domestic or international law and "should not be treated as precedent."	The Pentagon statement said that allowing Hamdi access to a lawyer "is not required by domestic or international law and should not be treated as a precedent."
Clijsters was simply too complete and powerful for the Spanish veteran Conchita Martínez in her quarterfinal, winning, 6-2, 6-1.	Clijsters was simply too powerful for Spanish veteran Conchita Martinez, winning 6-2, 6-1.
City Councilman Cedric Wilson said those killed were Cpl. James Crump, Officer Arnold Strickland and dispatcher Ace Mealer.	Fayette City Councilman Cedric Wilson identified the dead as Cpl. James Crump, Officer Arnold Strickland and dispatcher Ace Mealer.
The interview came a day after a report in the British press that he had been taken into custody.	The interview Thursday came a day after Britain's Daily Mirror reported Sahhaf had been taken into custody.
Lay had argued that handing over the documents would be a violation of his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination.	Lay had refused to turn over the papers, asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
"I don't know whether that means two years or four years.	"Whether that means two years or four years, I don't know."
Walker said he expects that the president's budget will include a request for three percent to five percent budget increases for NASA for each of the next five years.	Walker said he expects that the president’s budget will include a request for 3 to 5 percent budget increases for NASA for each of the next five years.
Shares in BA were down 1.5 percent at 168 pence by 1420 GMT, off a low of 164p, in a slightly stronger overall London market.	Shares in BA were down three percent at 165-1/4 pence by 0933 GMT, off a low of 164 pence, in a stronger market.
Both have said they are willing to take the slim chance of success for the opportunity to lead separate lives.	Twenty-nine-year-old Iranian sisters Ladan and Laleh Bijani are willing to accept the slim chance of success just for an opportunity to lead separate lives.
She had been critically ill after May 7 surgery to replace a heart valve.	She had been critically ill since having surgery at Baptist Hospital on May 7 to replace a heart valve.
Braker said Wednesday that police, as part of protocol, were talking with other children Cruz had access to.	He told "Today" that authorities, as part of protocol, were talking with other children Cruz had had access to.
The state will consider the police memorial after planning a World Trade Center Memorial, said Micah Rasmussen, a spokesman for Gov. James E. McGreevey.	The state will consider the police memorial after planning is completed on another memorial to all the victims, said Micah Rasmussen, a spokesman for Gov. James E. McGreevey.
Stewart said the ring was most likely a work in progress, and that weak links such as being tied to a single server will be eliminated over time.	Mr. Stewart said the ring was most likely a work in progress, and that flaws, like being tied to a single server, would be eliminated over time.
It will also give Microsoft an opportunity to comment on remedies proposed by the Commission.	Among other things, Microsoft is to comment on proposed remedies in its response.
The State Court of Appeals did not explain the reason for keeping the lower court's unanimous opinion from July.	The State Court of Appeals did not explain its reasons for not disturbing the Appellate Division's unanimous opinion issued in July.
Stock futures were mixed in early Thursday trading, but trading below fair value, pointing to a lower open for the major market indexes.	Stock futures were trading lower early on Thursday, below fair value, pointing to a lower open.
SCO says the pricing terms for a license will not be announced for weeks.	Details on pricing will be announced within a few weeks, McBride said.
Further estimates show that it is the fourth most common cause of cancer in men and the eighth most common in women.	Bladder cancer is the fourth most common cancer in American men and the eighth in women.
His Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned June 25 in a Virginia Beach, parking lot.	His sport utility vehicle was found June 25, abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach, Va.
Spitzer was among a group of federal and state regulators who negotiated a $1.4 billion settlement with 10 brokerage houses to settle investigations of analyst conflicts of interest.	Spitzer was among a group of federal and state regulators who negotiated a $1.4 billion settlement with 10 brokerages over analyst conflict-of-interest allegations.
Crohn's disease causes inflammation of the intestine and symptoms include diarrhea, pain, weight loss and tiredness.	Symptoms include chronic diarrhoea, abdominal pain, weight loss and extreme tiredness.
The Bush administration's hope is that by increasing the efficiency of older power plants -- especially coal -- more power can be produced more cheaply.	The administration's hope is that by increasing the efficiency of older coal-fired plants - the most affected segment - more power can be produced more cheaply.
His chief lawyer, Mahendradatta, said Bashir was mentally prepared for a heavy sentencing demand and felt the Marriott bombing would affect the decision.	A lawyer for Bashir, Mahendradatta, said earlier his client was mentally prepared for a heavy sentencing demand and had felt the Marriott bombing would affect the decision.
This comes at a time when Alba is expanding its aluminium output by 307,000 tonnes a year and is accelerating plans for another 307,000 tonnes-a-year increase.	That comes as Alba is lifting its aluminium output by 307,000 tonnes a year and accelerating plans for another 307,000 tonnes-a-year increase.
The main psychologist, Dwight Close, referred questions to an agency spokeswoman, who said she wouldn't comment on personnel issues.	The main psychologist in the Rodriguez case, Dwight Close, referred questions to an agency spokeswoman, who didn't immediately return a call.
The survey also found that executives who feel that current economic conditions have improved rose to 35 per cent from 15 per cent last quarter.	The survey also found that more executives feel that current economic conditions have improved, at 35 per cent compared to 15 per cent in the first quarter.
Taiwan has attempted to gain observer status to the United Nations-affiliated WHO for seven years, but again was rebuffed March 19 at its annual conference in Geneva.	It has sought observer status for seven years, but was again rebuffed May 19 at the annual WHO conference in Geneva.
Dave Tomlin, assistant general counsel of The A.P., said his organization was still deciding whether to appeal.	Dave Tomlin, AP's assistant general counsel, said the parties are deciding whether to appeal the order.
Weyerhaeuser is the one of the worlds largest producers of softwood lumber, with the capacity to produce 7.6 billion board feet a year.	Weyerhaeuser, one of the world's largest producers of softwood, can produce about 7.6 billion board feet a year.
If their circulatory systems are not properly separated, it could kill one or both of them, doctors have said.	But if their circulatory systems are not properly separated, it could kill them, doctors say.
Gartner's report said global WLAN equipment shipments reached 19.5 million last year, a 120 percent increase over 2001's 8.9 million units.	Total shipments reached 19.5 million units last year, compared with 8.9 million units in 2001.
They were being held Sunday in the Camden County Jail on $100,000 bail each.	The Jacksons remained in Camden County jail on $100,000 bail.
Saddam's other son, Odai, surrendered Friday, but the Americans are keeping it quiet because he's a U.S. agent.	Hussein's other son, Uday, surrendered yesterday, but the Americans are keeping it quiet because he's a US agent.
There are 625 U.N. troops in Bunia, while there are between 25,000 and 28,000 tribal fighters, from all sides, in the region.	There are 625 U.N. troops in Bunia, while there are between 25,000 and 28,000 tribal fighters in the region, with thousands of them deployed in and around Bunia.
The driver of the truck escaped and is now being sought by the police, Supoyo said.	But police say the driver of the truck has not been found and is wanted for questioning.
Total Information Awareness is now Terrorism Information Awareness.	The new name will be Terrorism Information Awareness.
"I just hope that this event doesn't tarnish his career or take away from what he's done."	"But I just hope that this event, whatever it was, doesn't tarnish his career or take away all that Sammy Sosa's done.
Robert B. Willumstad, 57, Citigroup's president, was named chief operating officer.	And Robert B. Willumstad, 57, who is currently president of Citigroup, was named chief operating officer.
The service is deploying Cisco's BTS 10200 Softswitch cable modem termination system and MGXR 8850 voice gateway products.	This solution includes the BTS 10200 soft switch, uBR7246VXR cable modem termination system and MGX 8850 voice gateway products.
Last year, there were shortages of shots for diphtheria-tetanus-whooping cough, measles-mumps-rubella, pneumococcal disease, tetanus and chicken pox nationally.	In the past two years scientists say there have been vaccine shortages for diphtheria-tetanus-whooping cough, measles-mumps-rubella, pneumococcal disease, tetanus and chicken pox.
County Judge Tim Harley declared a mistrial because the jury could not reach a verdict.	Judge Tim Harley declared a mistrial in the Adrian McPherson gambling trial today after the jury was unable to reach a verdict.
Heather, 35, who lost a leg in a road accident, is thought to have steel plates fitted in her hips, which would make natural childbirth impossible.	Former model Lady McCartney lost a leg in a road accident in 1993 and is understood to have steel plates fitted in her hips which would make natural childbirth difficult.
Pacific Northwest has more than 800 employees, and Wells Fargo has 2,400 in Washington.	It has 800 employees, compared with Wells Fargo's 2,400.
However, other unions including the powerful CGT remained opposed to the reform and demanded the government begin fresh negotiations with them.	The powerful CGT and other unions remained opposed to the plans, however, and demanded the government renegotiate the reform with them.
On health care, the NDP says there will be no privatization and no health-care premiums.	The New Democrats also renewed their commitment to no health-care privatization and no premiums.
Chi-Chi's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2 _ two months after it voluntarily closed following initial reports of the disease.	Chi-Chi's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2 -- two months after it voluntarily closed when the disease was first reported.
Four versions of Windows operating systems are targeted: Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.	The new worm affects these Windows systems: 2000, XP, NT 4.0 and Server 2003.
It calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization.	The agency has yet to fully formulate a strategy for the creation of an independent engineering technical authority.
No official ceremony was planned to mark the anniversary in Dallas.	In Dallas, no official ceremony marked the anniversary.
The victims were last seen at church last Sunday; their bodies were discovered Tuesday.	The family was last seen July 6 and their bodies were found Tuesday.
Software developers use compilers to translate programming languages such as C++ into the language that can be read by a particular processor.	Software developers use compilers to translate a programming language, such as C++, into the machine language understood by the processor.
That second dossier, passed to journalists during Mr Blair's trip to Washington, said it drew on "a number of sources, including intelligence material".	That second dossier, passed to journalists on Mr Blair's trip to Washington to discuss war plans, said it drew upon "a number of sources, including intelligence material".
Wal-Mart estimates more than 100 million Americans visit their stores every week.	Each week 138 million shoppers visit Wal-Mart's 4,750 stores.
For the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent.	For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent.
While some other parts of Africa have been used as staging grounds for the terror group, Malawi previously had not been a major focus of investigations into al-Qaida.	While some other parts of Africa have been used as Al Qaeda staging grounds, Malawi had previously not been a major focus of investigations into the group.
Police said yesterday they believe Mr. Cruz knew of the girl through one of her former schoolmates, though neither the girl nor her family knew him.	Police said on Monday they believed Cruz knew of the fourth-grade girl through one of her former schoolmates, although neither the girl nor her family knew him.
The Prime Minister, Junichiro Koizumi, joined the criticism.	Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi said Mr Ota deserved to be criticised.
There is one drug on the market for macular degeneration, Visudyne, and it is approved for the treatment of only one subtype that represents a minority of cases.	There is only one drug on the market for macular degeneration, and it is approved to treat only one subtype that represents a minority of cases.
The bureau also failed to pursue other leads, including a local imam who dealt with several key 9-11 figures.	The FBI also failed to pursue other leads, including a San Diego imam who dealt with several 9/11 figures, it adds.
The Herald reported on Tuesday that internet developer Bruce Simpson was building a missile from parts ordered over the internet and shipped through Customs.	A home handyman is building a missile in his garage with parts bought over the internet and shipped through Customs.
Papandreou said EU leaders would discuss the appointment of Trichet as ECB president on Thursday evening or Friday.	Papandreou said EU leaders would discuss the appointment of Bank of France governor Jean-Claude Trichet as president of the European Central Bank on Thursday or Friday.
Vivendi pointed out that in both possible combinations, it would maintain a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation "with excellent growth potential."	It also added that both proposals would allow Vivendi Uni to maintain "a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation with excellent growth potential."
Zilkha and other shareholders, including Coastal founder Oscar Wyatt Jr., had called for Wise's firing for months.	Zilkha and other shareholders, including Coastal Corp. founder and vocal El Paso critic Oscar Wyatt Jr., had called for Wise's termination for months.
The last time the survey was conducted, in 1995, those numbers matched.	In 1995, the last survey, those numbers were equal.
Cooper, the boy's mother, started coming to the church about three months ago after she met a parishioner at a doctor's office, Hemphill said.	The boy's mother, Patricia Cooper, started coming to the church about three months ago after she met one of its members at a doctor's office, Hemphill said.
To win final United States approval, the treaty would have to be signed by President Bush and ratified by Congress.	The treaty must be signed by the president and ratified by Congress to take effect.
The deal with the Carmel-based insurer is expected to close shortly, said Macklowe spokesman Howard J. Rubenstein.	Macklowe has signed a sale contract, which is expected to close shortly, said his spokesman, Howard Rubenstein.
Intelligence officials in Washington warned lawmakers a week ago to expect a terrorist attack in Saudi Arabia, it was reported today.	Intelligence officials told key senators a week ago to expect a terrorist attack in Saudi Arabia, Sen. Pat Roberts (R-Kan.) said yesterday.
Plofsky said the commission won't investigate because the three-year statute of limitations has expired.	The panel will not begin a formal investigation because the statute of limitations has expired, Plofsky said.
Under the Government Network Security Act of 2003, federal agencies would have six months to develop and implement P2P security plans.	If enacted, federal agencies would have six months to develop and implement these plans.
Sales as measured by volume, a key gauge of financial health in the beverage sector, grew 5 percent in the quarter.	Coke's unit case volume, a key measure of financial health in the beverage sector, grew 5 percent in the quarter.
Gainer said the two staff aides are "very sorry this all happened," and the security personnel had performed "well within standards."	The security personnel performed ``well within standards'' and the two staff aides were ``very sorry all this happened,'' Gainer said.
He will leave Hollesley Bay open prison at Woodbridge, Suffolk, on Monday, July 21.	Lord Archer is likely to be released from Hollesley Bay open prison at Woodbridge, Suffolk, on July 21.
Retail industry experts predict the next five days will likely make or break Christmas 2003 for many retailers.	As the holiday shopping season peaks, industry experts predict the coming week could make or break Christmas 2003 for many retailers.
Police then called a bomb squad, but the device exploded, killing Wells, before bomb technicians arrived.	While waiting for a bomb squad to arrive, the bomb exploded, killing Wells.
The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index pulled back by nearly 4 points to 1,066.62.	The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> fell 0.70 points, or 0.07 percent, to 1,069.42.
The euro has slipped nearly four percent since matching a record peak of around $1.1935 only last week and hitting an all-time high of 140.90 yen in late May.	The euro has slipped as much as four cents since matching a record peak near $1.1935 last week and hitting a record high of 140.90 yen in late May.
The FBI informed Easynews that an individual had used the Easynews UseNet server   to upload the SoBig.F virus on Monday, August 18th, the company said in a statement.	"The FBI informed Easynews.com that an individual had used the Easynews.com UseNet server to upload the SoBig.F virus on Monday, August 18th.
But Peterson added, "I don't know anybody in the conference committee who's fighting to keep it out completely."	But Peterson added, I dont know anybody in the conference committee whos fighting to keep it out completely.
Named in the complaint were former chief executive officers Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman and former CFO Barry D. Romeril.	The executives fined included former Chief Executives Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman as well as former Chief Financial Officer Barry Romeril.
Both were charged with four counts of aggravated assault and 14 counts of endangering the welfare of children.	The Jacksons each were charged with four counts of aggravated assault and 14 counts of child endangerment.
The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday where Donaldson is scheduled to testify on hedge and mutual funds.	The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday, when Donaldson will be questioned about hedge and mutual funds.
The Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's 2001 application to sell Erbitux, citing shoddy research.	The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001, saying the trial had been sloppily conducted.
He claimed Red Hat and the Free Software Foundation with trying to undermine U.S. copyright and patent law.	In his letter, McBride charges the Free Software Foundation and Red Hat with trying to undermine U.S. copyright laws.
Beaumont said he doesn't expect a rapturous welcome for Jackson if he goes ahead with his visit to England.	Mark Beaumont, a staff writer at music magazine NME, said he doesn't expect a rapturous welcome for Jackson if he goes ahead with his visit to England.
According to a news release sent by the Terry Schindler-Schiavo Foundation, Florida Speaker Johnnie Byrd will introduce "Terri's Bill" during the special session Monday.	Florida's Speaker of the House Johnnie Byrd, is expected to introduce ''Terri's Bill'' during a one-day special session of the state legislature being held today in Tallahassee.
Its shares jumped to $54.50 in pre-open trading from $50.90 at Wednesday's close.	Shares jumped almost 7 percent in pre-open trading, rising to $18.26 from $17.05 at Tuesday's close.
Authorities said the scientist properly quarantined himself at home after he developed SARS symptoms Dec. 10.	The scientist also quarantined himself at home as soon as he developed SARS symptoms, officials said.
Five-time Tour de France winner and cancer survivor Lance Armstrong had a few words of advice for other cancer survivors in Denver on Friday.	Five-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong is in Denver today for a meeting about surviving cancer.
The ruling ``is so wrong that we are extremely confident that it will not withstand our appeal to the Sixth Circuit,'' Taubman Centers said in a statement.	The statement concluded, "This ruling is so wrong that we are extremely confident that it will not withstand our appeal" to the 6th U.S. Circuit Court.
Authorities did not immediately release the identities of the victims pending family notification.	Neither authorities nor Granquist would release identities of the victims pending family notification.
The cuts are expected to save Texas consumers more than $510 million, and most policyholders will see reductions, Black said.	The reductions are expected to save Texas consumers $510 million, and most policyholders will see reductions, said Robert Black, an Insurance Department spokesman.
In New Hampshire yesterday, Mr Bush reiterated Saddam's regime "possessed and used weapons of mass destruction, sponsored terrorist groups and inflicted terror on its own people".	"The regime of Saddam Hussein possessed and used weapons of mass destruction, sponsored terrorist groups and inflicted terror on its own people."
At Tuesday's arraignment hearing, Marsh pleaded not guilty to 122 counts of burial service fraud and 47 counts of making false statements.	At the hearing he pleaded not guilty to the burial service fraud and false statements charges.
To put it very simply, Antetonitrus is Brontosaurus's older brother, hence the name.	Antetonitrus was brontosaurus' older brother, hence the name.
But church members and observers say they expect that the decision could be problematic for many Episcopalians.	But church members and observers say they anticipate that the decision here could pose doctrinal problems for some Episcopalians who believe the Bible prohibits homosexuality.
Bush already is halfway to his goal of raising $150 million to $170 million for next year's primaries.	He is roughly halfway to his goal of raising between $150 million and $170 million in the primaries.
"Turning the corner does not mean we've crossed the finish line," Gregory told reporters.	"But turning the corner doesn't mean crossing the finish line," Gregory said at the bishops' annual meeting here.
The latest raid came as US lawmakers debate a report that accuses Saudi Arabia of not doing enough to counter terrorism.	The latest in the kingdom's almost weekly raids on alleged terror cells comes after a US Congress report accused Saudi Arabia of not doing enough to counter terrorism.
The delegation leaves Chicago today, then will take another week to ready the remains for reburial.	They leave Chicago on Saturday, then will take another week to ready the remains for reburial.
As planned, the services will be rolled into Yukon when it ships (see story).	The reporting services will also be rolled into Yukon as planned, sources said.
Toronto Police Chief Chief Julian Fantino confirmed Friday morning that a man had been arrested in the slaying of Toronto girl Holly Jones.	Toronto Police Chief Julian Fantino said Friday morning that an arrest has been made in the slaying of local girl Holly Jones.
They later fell out and have backed a series of rival Congolese militias in recent years.	The two invading countries later fell out, and have since backed rival factions.
Marshall pressed the practical case that a quite similar civil-rights bill based on the 14th Amendment was struck down by the Supreme Court in 1883.	Mr. Marshall pressed the practical case that quite similar rights legislation based on the 14th Amendment had been struck down by the Supreme Court in 1883.
But she said it will be difficult for investigators to directly tie any decline in shuttle funding to the February disaster.	She cautioned that it will be difficult for investigators to tie any decline in shuttle funding directly to the February tragedy.
The special tests were developed to measure student progress in meeting the state's standards for the content taught in each grade.	The tests measure how well students are meeting the state's standards for learning the content taught in each grade.
At least 1,750 people were ordered to evacuate their homes shortly before 9 a.m. as a precaution, said Steve Powers, Marquette County administrator.	At least 1,752 people were ordered to evacuate their homes in the north part of Marquette about 8:45 a.m. EDT, said Steve Powers, Marquette County administrator.
It is essential that proceedings against accused terrorists both be fair and appear fair to outside observers, he said.	It is essential that the proceedings against accused terrorists be fair -- and appear to be so to outside observers, Sonnett said.
Some 95 million Americans -- half of all households -- invest in mutual funds.	About half of all U.S. households have money in mutual funds.
The technology is available for download on the Microsoft Developer Network (MSDN) site.	WSE version 2 is available from Microsoft's developer Web site.
Meningitis is an infection of the spinal cord fluid and the tissue around the brain.	Meningitis is an infection of the fluid in a person's spinal cord and around the brain.
It is for that reason that legal scholars said the Denver ruling is at least plausible.	It is for that reason that legal scholars said Judge Nottingham's decision was at least plausible.
But he said labor would see whether other senators can increase the value of awards proposed by Hatch and create a mechanism to ensure the fund remains solvent.	Democrats now hope to increase the value of awards proposed by Hatch and to create a mechanism to ensure the fund remains solvent.
Ohio Attorney General Jim Petro hailed the appellate court ruling.	Ohio Attorney General Jim Petro was pleased by the ruling, spokesman Mark Gribben said.
In an appearance before a parliamentary committee on Tuesday, Mr. Blair suggested that only "evidence of weapons programs" rather than the weapons themselves would be uncovered.	On Tuesday, Blair suggested that only "evidence of weapons programs" rather than the weapons themselves would be uncovered.
The banks neither admit nor deny the SEC charges under the settlements.	The banks neither admitted nor denied the charges as part of the agreement.
On the other hand, if this will help further establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."	If draining the ponds in Maryland will further help establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
The April 19, 1995, bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building came on the second anniversary of the fiery end of the Branch Davidian siege in Waco, Texas.	The April 19, 1995, bombing came on the second anniversary of the end of the Branch Davidian siege in Waco, Texas.
Investment bank Merrill Lynch raised its investment rating on the business software maker Oracle to "buy" from "neutral" with a 12-month price target of $15.	Merrill Lynch upgraded the business software maker to "buy" from "neutral" with a 12-month price target of $15.
The report confirmed the ACLU's view that the civil liberties and rights of immigrants "were trampled in the aftermath of 9/11," said Romero.	The inspector general's findings confirm our long-held view that civil liberties and the rights of immigrants were trampled in the aftermath of 9/11."
The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year, up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002.	There will be 9.3 million visitors to hot spots in 2003, up from 2.5 million in 2002, Gartner said.
United is working closely with the Air Transportation Stabilization Board to replace the aspects of its loan guarantee bid that were rejected as inadequate in December.	United is working closely with the ATSB to replace those aspects of the company's original loan guarantee bid that were rejected as inadequate in December.
The moves came within four days of the crash and before the National Transportation Safety Board finished investigating.	The promises of lawsuits came within four days of the crash and before the National Transportation Safety Board had finished the investigation.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 6.48, or 0.7 per cent, to 990.51.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 6.48 points, or 0.66 percent, to 990.51.
They also found shortness was associated with a family history of hearing loss.	Shortness was found twice as often in those with hearing loss.
On Friday, the Concorde started up around sunrise and seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun.	Yesterday, the Concorde seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun.
Squyres is principal investigator for the Athena payload - a collection of science instruments carted by each rover.	Steve Squyres, a Cornell University scientist, is principal investigator for the missions' science instruments.
The appeals court judges were in sharp disagreement over what should be done when they ruled in February.	The appellate judges were in sharp disagreement when they ruled in February.
Another is investor disenchantment with US investments, leading them to pull out of US assets - selling dollars as they do so and driving the dollar exchange rate down.	Another is investor disenchantment with U.S. investments, leading them to pull out of U.S. assets--selling dollars as they do so, and driving its exchange rate down.
Hundreds of soldiers took part in the early morning raid, an apparent signal to Hamas that Israel would not limit itself to airstrikes in Gaza.	Hundreds of soldiers were involved, an apparent signal to Hamas that Israel would not limit itself to air strikes in Gaza.
Last year, he made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic nomination for governor.	He ran last year for the Democratic nomination for Texas governor, but lost the primary to multimillionaire Tony Sanchez.
Search technology powerhouse Google has released a new beta of its popular Internet Explorer toolbar, adding bells and whistles for surfers.	Search technology powerhouse Google has released a new beta of its popular toolbar for Internet Explorer, adding a pop-up blocker, a controversial Blogger feature, and form-filling functionality.
The last time the S&P had a larger one-day point loss was also May 19, when it gave back 23.53 to close at 920.77.	The last time it had a larger one-day loss was July 1, 2002, when it shed 59.41 to close at 1,403.80.
I was going to the court believing I could do this, only if I played my best tennis.	"I was believing that I was confident I could do this, but only in the case I would play my best tennis.
Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners premiums might finally be getting relief.	Relief is in sight for Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners insurance premiums.
Blair's government included the charge that Saddam sought uranium from Niger in a September 2002 dossier setting out the case for military action.	Britain included the accusation in a September 2002 dossier setting out the case for war in Iraq.
Delta personnel at Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport scrambled all day to find alternate flights including seats on other airlines for passengers.	Delta personnel at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport were scrambling all day to find alternate flights -- even on other airlines, when necessary -- to move the inconvenienced passengers.
Three undocumented immigrants were found dead inside a railroad hopper car Tuesday, two days after fellow immigrants escaped the sweltering car and left behind their weakened companions.	The remains of three illegal immigrants were found Tuesday in a sweltering railroad car after fellow immigrants escaped and left their weakened companions behind.
A company spokeswoman declined to say how much Qwest receives in annual revenue from government contracts.	A Qwest spokeswoman, Kate Varden, declined to say how much in sales the company received from the United States government.
For the week ended June 15, a total of 28.2 million DVDs were rented in the United States, compared with 27.3 million VHS cassettes.	The Video Software Dealers Association said 28.2 million DVDs were rented out last week, compared to 27.3 million VHS cassettes.
Halliburton on Tuesday reiterated its contention that KBR had "delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms".	"We believe KBR delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms," Halliburton spokeswoman Wendy Hall said.
"As a professional," he added, "I think I'd like to be thought of as a good storyteller.	"As a professional, I'd like to be thought of as a storyteller."
Federal prosecutors, the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the mortgage company's regulator launched investigations into Freddie Mac's shake-up.	The Securities and Exchange Commission and the U.S. Attorney have opened investigations into Freddie Mac over its accounting practices.
Forecasters predict the storm will reach Earth at 3 p.m. eastern time Friday and could last up to 18 hours.	It is expected to reach Earth about 3 p.m. EDT Friday, and its effects could last 12 to 18 hours.
Yet another big fight has been over a White House proposal to privatize air-traffic control at major airports.	Yet another fight has been waged over a White House proposal to privatize air traffic control at major airports, such as those in Pittsburgh and Philadelphia.
"If you pass this bill, Big Brother will be watching you," said Rep. John Mabry, D-Waco.	"If you pass this bill," Rep. John Mabry Jr., D-Waco, told colleagues, "Big Brother will be watching you."
Buoyed by some of the advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 for a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry.	Buoyed by advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 on Thursday to enter today's round with a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry.
Jack Ferry, company spokesman, said a search is ongoing but would not comment on the status.	Company spokesman Jack Ferry said a search is ongoing but declined comment on its status.
After a seven-day trial last year, Thompson found the monument to be an unconstitutional endorsement of religion by the state.	Last year, Thompson ruled that the monument was an unconstitutional endorsement of religion by the state.
The victims were not identified, although authorities said at least one of the bodies had been there about a year.	The two victims buried in the yard were not identified, though authorities said at least one has been there about a year.
Ahold Chairman Henny de Ruiter offered shareholders at the meeting his "sincere apologies" for the scandal.	Board Chairman Henny de Ruiter offered shareholders at the meeting his "sincere apologies" for events at Foodservice and elsewhere in the embattled group.
Retailers J.C. Penney Co. Inc.JCP.N and Walgreen Co.WAG.N kick things off early in the week.	Retailers J.C. Penney Co. Inc. JCP.N and Walgreen Co. WAG.N kick things off on Monday.
Defense lawyers had objected in pretrial hearings to the videotape and the photo, saying they were too unclear to identify Muhammad.	Defense lawyers had objected in earlier hearings to showing the videotape and the photo, saying they were too unclear to identify the person in them.
"I have lots of bad dreams, I have flashbacks, I have lots of anger.	"I have lots of bad dreams, flashbacks and lots of anger."
The American decision provoked an angry reaction from the European Commission, which described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful".	The European Commission, the EU's powerful executive body, described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful."
The petition alleges that Huletts unfair sales have damaged the U.S. industry, sending market prices below sustainable levels.	Those unfair sales have damaged the US industry by eroding market prices below sustainable levels, says Alcoa.
Australia,Chile, Colombia, El Salvador, Honduras, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru and Uruguay will also support the challenge.	Nine other countries, including Australia, Chile, Colombia, El Salvador and Mexico, are supporting the case.
Gateway will release new Profile 4 systems with the new Intel technology on Wednesday.	Gateway's all-in-one PC, the Profile 4, also now features the new Intel technology.
The government and private technology experts warned Wednesday that hackers plan to attack thousands of Web sites on Sunday in a loosely coordinated "contest" that could disrupt Internet traffic.	THE US government and private technology experts have warned that hackers plan to attack thousands of websites on Sunday in a loosely co-ordinated "contest" that could disrupt Internet traffic.
Mrs. Clinton said she was incredulous that he would endanger their marriage and family.	She hadn't believed he would jeopardize their marriage and family.
Tony winners will be announced June 8 at the Radio City Music Hall in New York.	Winners will be announced in a June 8 ceremony broadcast on CBS from Radio City Music Hall.
Revenues for "The Hulk" came in well below those of last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, "X2: X-Men United," which grossed $85.6 million in its opening weekend.	The Hulk trailed last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, X2: X-Men United, which grossed $85.6-million in its opening weekend.
Tony-award winning dancer and actor Gregory Hines died of cancer Saturday in Los Angeles.	Hines died yesterday in Los Angeles of cancer, publicist Allen Eichorn said.
In April, it had forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cents a share.	Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter.
Hampton Township is a few miles northeast of Bay City, about 100 miles away.	Hampton Township is located a few kilometers northeast of Bay City, near Michigan's Thumb.
And his justification for the bombing was that while it caused short-term material damage, it was for the long-term moral good of Bali.	And he justified bombing Bali by saying that while it had caused material devastation, it was for the island's long-term moral good.
It indicates, Robert said, “that terrorists really don’t care who they attack.	"It also indicates the terrorists really don't care who they attack."
The Supreme Court long ago held that students could not be compelled to join in the pledge.	The U.S. Supreme Court has previously ruled that students are not compelled to say the Pledge of Allegiance.
Iraq's nuclear program had been dismantled and there was no convincing evidence it was being revived, the report said.	Iraq's nuclear program had been dismantled, and there "was no convincing evidence of its reconstitution."
Cadbury Schweppes plc plans to cut 5500 jobs and shut factories after a 4.9 billion ($A11.9 billion) acquisition spree over the past three years inflated costs.	Cadbury Schweppes has unveiled plans to slash 5,500 jobs and 20 percent of its factories over four years to cut costs brought about by an acquisition spree.
"These foods have an almost identical effect on lowering cholesterol as the original cholesterol-lowering drugs."	We have now proven that these foods have an almost identical effect on lowering cholesterol as the original cholesterol-reducing drugs.
"I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job," she said.	Cavender did say: "I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job."
State Supreme Court Justice Ira Gammerman said in court this morning, "It was an ill-conceived lawsuit."	New York Supreme Court Justice Ira Gammerman said in his statement that the lawsuit was "ill-conceived."
The former president also gave numerous speeches in 2002 without compensation, said his spokesman Jim Kennedy.	His spokesman Jim Kennedy said the former president also gave more than 70 speeches in 2002 without compensation.
Mayor Joe T. Parker said late Thursday that the three workers were two men and a woman who were inside the building when the first blast occurred.	The missing workers, two men and a woman, were inside the building when the first blast occurred, Mayor Joe T. Parker said.
Magner, who is 54 and known as Marge, has been the consumer group's chief operating officer since April 2002, and sits on Citigroup's management committee.	She has been the consumer unit's chief operating officer since April 2002, and sits on Citigroup's management committee.
Closed sessions are routinely held at the United Nations tribunal that deals with Balkan war crimes, but usually to protect witnesses's safety.	Closed sessions are routinely held at the U.N. tribunal that deals with Balkan war crimes, but they are usually closed to protect witnesses who fear for their safety.
Although it's unclear whether Sobig was to blame, The New York Times also asked employees at its headquarters yesterday to shut down their computers because of "system difficulties."	The New York Times asked employees at its headquarters to shut down their computers yesterday because of "computing system difficulties."
The incubation period in cattle is four to five years, said Stephen Sundlof of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.	The incubation period in cattle is four to five years, said Dr. Stephen Sundlof of the Food and Drug Administration (news - web sites).
His band in the early 1930's included the pianist Teddy Wilson, the saxophonist Chu Berry, the trombonist J. C. Higginbotham and the drummer Sid Catlett.	His band in the early 1930s included pianist Teddy Wilson, saxophonist Chu Berry, trombonist J.C. Higginbotham and drummer Sid Catlett.
We feel so strongly about this issue that we are suspending sales and distribution of SCOLinux until these issues are resolved," Sontag said.	We feel so strongly about this issue that we are suspending sales and distribution of SCO Linux until these issues are resolved."
Aiken's study appears in the Sept. 24 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.	The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association.
Slightly more than half of the profit shortfall results from a sales slump, with weakness spread across the company's various geographic and end markets.	Slightly more than half of the earnings miss was due to a sales slump, with weakness was spread across the company's various geographic and end markets.
Iran has yet to sign an additional protocol to the NPT treaty which would allow U.N. inspections at short notice.	Iran has yet to sign an additional protocol to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, which it signed in 1970, that would allow IAEA inspections at short notice.
They came despite what BA called a "difficult quarter", which it said included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow.	BA said the second quarter, which included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow, had been difficult.
In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques.	In addition, "fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to Islamic mosques, the Justice Department said.
Those conversations had not taken place as of Tuesday night, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.	Those talks have not taken place, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.
Other features include FileVault, which secures the contents of a home directory with 128-bit AES encryption on the fly.	A new feature dubbed FileVault, also new in Panther, secures the contents of a user's home directory with 128-bit AES encryption.
An arrest warrant claimed Bryant assaulted the woman June 30 at a hotel.	According to an arrest warrant, Bryant, 24, attacked a woman on June 30.
Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment from beneath the concrete slab Thursday, but it turned out to be an animal bone, authorities said.	Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment Thursday night, but authorities said it was from an animal.
After Saddam's regime crumbled in early April, it had to wait for legal hurdles to be crossed before sales could resume.	After Saddam's regime crumbled in early April, legal hurdles had to be cleared before sales could resume.
The number of extremely obese adults -- those who are at least 100 pounds overweight -- has quadrupled since the 1980s to about 4 million.	The number of Americans considered extremely obese, or at least 100 pounds overweight, has quadrupled since the 1980s to a startling 4 million, the research shows.
The research firm earlier had forecast an increase of 4.9 percent.	The firm had predicted earlier this year a 4.9 percent increase.
Investigators used a jackhammer and hand tools to conduct the search but halted work for several hours while waiting for the anthropologist to arrive from Indianapolis.	Investigators used a jackhammer and hand tools to conduct the search but halted it until an anthropologist arrived in the northwestern Indiana city from Indianapolis.
The company will be able to start recording profits from HPS immediately, Perot Systems spokeswoman Mindy Brown said.	The company will begin adding to Perot Systems' profits immediately, the company said.
White House officials also deleted a reference to a 1999 study showing that global temperatures had risen sharply in the previous decade compared with the last 1,000 years.	The revised draft removed a reference to a 1999 study showing global temperatures had risen sharply in the past decade compared to the previous 1,000 years.
The leading actress nod went to energetic newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur as Edna's daughter Tracy.	Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical.
In January 2000, notebooks represented less than 25 percent of sales volume.	That compares with January 2000, when laptops represented less than 25 percent of sales volume, NPD said.
Federal and local officials, including Bush, saw no apparent sign of terrorism.	Federal officials earlier said there is no evidence of terrorism.
U.N. inspectors later said the documents were old and irrelevant -- some administrative material, some from a failed and well-known uranium-enrichment program of the 1980s.	They said some of the documents were administrative paper work and some about a failed and well-known uranium-enrichment program of the 1980s.
Griffith, a Mount Airy native, now lives on the North Carolina coast in Manteo.	Griffith, 77, grew up in Mount Airy and now lives in Manteo.
It will also delay the retirement of Mr Wightwick, 62, who agreed to stay on until the deal was completed and Buhrmann bedded down in PaperlinX.	It will delay the retirement of Mr Wightwick, 62, who agreed to stay on until Buhrmann is bedded down inside PaperlinX.
OS ANGELES - ''The Hulk'' was a monster at the box office in its debut weekend, taking in a June opening record of $62.6 million.	"The Hulk" took in $62.6 million at the box office, a monster opening and a new June record.
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, turned himself in in June; his deputy was killed in a recent shootout with Saudi forces.	Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, surrendered in June; his deputy was killed in a shoot-out with Saudi forces recently.
Several current and former ferry officers have said the rules were routinely ignored and seldom enforced.	Some current and former ferry employees have said those rules were often ignored.
Heavy weekend rain and runoff from heavy snowmelt sent a mountain creek on a rampage, washing out a culvert and opening the sinkhole in I-70 east of Vail.	Rain and runoff from heavy snow sent a mountain creek on a rampage, washing out a culvert and opening a 22-foot-wide sinkhole in Interstate 70 east of Vail.
Spinal Concepts, launched in 1996, makes orthopedic medical devices used during spinal fusion surgical procedures.	Spinal Concepts makes spinal fixation products used during spinal fusion surgery.
The spacecraft is scheduled to blast off as early as tomorrow or as late as Friday from the Jiuquan launching site in the Gobi Desert.	The spacecraft is scheduled to blast off between next Wednesday and Friday from a launching site in the Gobi Desert.
State Republican Chairman Kris Warner said the GOP would not shy away from referring to Wise's problems in the 2004 gubernatorial campaign.	State GOP Chairman Kris Warner said the GOP would not shy away in 2004 from referring to Wise's problems.
Druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said.	Druce last night was held in isolation at the same prison.
NBC also announced it has struck a deal to keep ER on the air for three more seasons.	NBC also announced that it has extended its deal with Warner Brothers Television to keep ER on the air for at least three more seasons.
Also weighing on the market was news that General Motors GM.N planned to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.	Also hurting was news General Motors GM.N was to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.
In court, she briefly waved to courtroom sketch artists seated in the jury box and quietly made notes in a spiral-bound notebook.	Stewart waved to courtroom sketch artists seated in the jury box and took notes in a spiral-bound notebook during the hearing.
On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured in southern Iraq when a munitions dump exploded.	On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured when a munitions dump they were guarding exploded in southern Iraq.
The new research will be published soon in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.	It will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
"These allegations are completely out of character of the Kobe Bryant we know," the statement read.	"These allegations are completely out of character of the Kobe Bryant we know," Lakers general manager Mitch Kupchak said.
Jackson's visit came after a relatively peaceful night in Benton Harbor, which sits in southwestern Michigan about 100 miles northeast of Chicago.	Jackson's visit followed a relatively peaceful night Thursday in Benton Harbor, about 100 miles northeast of Chicago.
The attacks came as Mr Sharon faced down the hardline central committee of his Likud party in Jerusalem.	News of the Hebron incident filtered out as Mr Sharon was facing the hardline central committee of his Likud Party in Jerusalem.
The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for not addressing the scandal.	The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer - Dallager - for failing to address the scandal.
SARS went on to claim the lives of 44 people in the Toronto area, including two nurses and a doctor.	The virus killed 44 people in the Toronto area, including one doctor and two nurses.
The World Health Organization — another Lilly partner, along with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and Purdue University — has declared TB a global emergency.	The World Health Organization -- which is participating in the initiative along with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and Purdue University -- has declared TB a global emergency.
This northern autumn US trainers will work with soldiers from four North African countries on patrolling and gathering intelligence.	Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.
U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled that the Akron-based company should have determined that changes at one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions.	FirstEnergy Corp. should have determined that modernizing one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions, U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled Thursday.
"The case has been ready to go for some time," said FBI Special Agent Craig Dahle in Birmingham.	"The case has been ready to go for some time," said Dahle, a spokesman for the Birmingham office.
"One can say that the euro at the moment is about at the level which better reflects the fundamentals," he said.	"The euro at the moment is at a level that better reflects the fundamentals," the ECB president said.
Thats why the Americans with all their technology cant find him.	That's why the Americans - with all their technology - can't find him."
U.S. District Judge William Steele set a hearing tomorrow on the lawsuit.	U.S. District Judge William Steele has set the hearing on the suit for Wednesday.
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday.	Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying that he never discussed personnel matters.
We're electing a president of the United States, not a staff."	"We are electing a president of the United States, not a staff," Kerry said.
The router will be available in the first quarter of 2004 and will cost around $200, the company said.	Netgear prices the WGT634U Super Wireless Media Router, which will be available in the first quarter of 2004, at under $200.
The picture changes a bit should Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton be the Democratic presidential candidate.	The picture changes slightly should New York Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton end up as the Democratic presidential candidate.
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a $70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.	Bremer said he would launch a $70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details.
Her lawyers filed a lawsuit against the Dallas County district attorney, Henry Wade, challenging Texas's abortion laws.	In 1969, Ms. McCorvey's attorneys filed suit against Dallas County District Attorney Henry Wade challenging the state's abortion laws.
Both were a few metres apart, Mr Laczynski pressing against the metal fence dividing court officials from the crowd.	Separated by a few metres, Mr Laczynski pressed against the metal fence which divides court officials from the crowd.
The European Union was due Monday to demand Iran accept "urgently and unconditionally" tougher nuclear inspections and to link compliance with a pending trade deal.	The European Union was due on Monday to demand that Iran accept "urgently and unconditionally" tougher inspections of its nuclear program, linking compliance to a pending trade deal.
Advances in AIDS treatments in recent years, some experts are saying, could be undermining efforts to promote safe sex.	Advances in AIDS treatments in recent years, some experts say, may be undermining efforts to promote safer-sex practices.
Viles' body was discovered four hours later after he failed to respond to a call to return to his housing unit.	Viles was found dead after the three failed to respond to a routine call to return to their housing units.
About 1,500 firefighters here and north of the neighboring city of Rancho Cucamonga battled flames with helicopters, air tankers and bulldozers.	About 1500 firefighters in Fontana and the neighbouring city of Rancho Cucamonga battled flames with helicopters, air tankers and bulldozers.
Once seated, the anonymous jurors will be driven back and forth to court in vans with tinted windows to protect their identities.	The judge planned to have the anonymous jurors driven back and forth to court in vans with tinted windows to protect their identities.
Pappas said he wouldn't hesitate about asking Graham to substitute.	Pappas, the teacher, said he wouldn't hesitate having Graham as a substitute.
Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state has long had its eye on this piece of property and is eager to complete the deal to obtain it.	Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state long has coveted this piece of property, and is eager to complete the deal.
With the Expose feature, all open windows shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.	With the Expose (ex-poh-SAY) feature, all the open windows on the desktop immediately shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.
Elan would receive an additional $25 million in January if Skelaxin retains patent exclusivity, and get a cut of sales on a sliding scale through 2021.	Elan would receive an additional $25 million in January if Skelaxin retains patent exclusivity and would also get a five percent share of sales from 2005.
Still, he noted Miami must decide whether to seek ACC membership for the next school year by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.	Still, he noted that Miami must decide whether to seek A.C.C. membership by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.
Police today charged three men, one aged 28 and two aged 26, with attempted murder, torture, rape, assault occasioning bodily harm, armed robbery and burglary.	Four men were arrested and have been charged with attempted murder, torture, rape, assault, armed robbery and burglary.
The new policy gives greatest weight to grades, test scores and a student's high school curriculum.	Academic achievement -- including grades, test scores and high school curriculum -- are given the highest priority.
ImClone Systems Inc. and OSI Pharmaceuticals Inc. are developing similar medications, designed to target tumor cells while sparing healthy ones.	Iressa is similar to medicines being developed by ImClone Systems Inc. and OSI Pharmaceuticals Inc., designed to precisely target tumor cells while sparing healthy ones.
Shares in EDS closed on Thursday at $18.51, a gain of 6 cents.	Shares of EDS closed Thursday at $18.51, up 6 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.
Jirsa is being introduced as Marshall head coach today at a noon news conference in the Bob Hartley/Big Green Room of Cam Henderson Center, The Herald-Dispatch learned.	Jirsa will be introduced as the 25th Marshall basketball coach today at a press conference in the Henderson Center’s Big Green Room.
Richard Grasso quit as chairman last week after losing the support of his board amid public furor over his $140 million pay package.	Grasso quit last week in the wake of a firestorm of criticism over his $140 million compensation package.
Police Chief Superintendent Jesus Verzosa, who heads the national police intelligence group that had custody of Ghozi, has offered to resign, according to Ebdane.	Police chief Superintendent Jesus Verzosa, who heads the national police intelligence group, which had custody of Al-Ghozi, offered his resignation, and Ebdane accepted it.
Powerful Mistral winds were fanning the flames, which have destroyed more than 8,000 hectares (20,000 acres) of pinewood since the blazes started Monday afternoon.	Powerful Mistral winds were fanning the flames, which have destroyed more than 8000 hectares of pinewood since the blazes began on Monday afternoon.
And as more than 100 people on death rows have been exonerated, other states have abridged or considered abridging the use of the death penalty.	As more than 100 people sentenced to death have been exonerated across the nation, other states have abridged or considered abridging the use of the death penalty.
The differences between Grassley and Thomas on energy and Medicare have become so pointed that other members say their angry personal relationship is embarrassing the party.	Their differences on energy and Medicare have become so pointed other members say it is embarrassing to the party.
Instead, prosecutors dismissed charges and Rucker left the courtroom a free man.	Instead he left the courtroom a free man after authorities dismissed criminal charges.
LLEYTON Hewitt yesterday traded his tennis racquet for his first sporting passion - Australian football - as the world champion relaxed before his Wimbledon title defence.	LLEYTON Hewitt yesterday traded his tennis racquet for his first sporting passion – Australian rules football – as the world champion relaxed ahead of his Wimbledon defence.
Microsoft says customers can install applications and software on their handset wirelessly or from a PC via USB connection.	Additional applications and software can be downloaded via the phone or from a PC via a USB connection.
Shares of Schering-Plough were off 2 cents at $16.78 near midday on the New York Stock Exchange.	Shares of Schering-Plough closed down 4 cents at $16.76 in Thursday trade on the New York Stock Exchange.
The Episcopal Church ''is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion,'' said the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of the All Saints Cathedral, in Nairobi.	In Nairobi, the provost of All Saints Cathedral, the Very Reverend Peter Karanja, said the US Episcopal Church was alienating itself from the Anglican Communion.
"The issue has been resolved," Marlins President David Samson said through a club spokesman.	The Marlins only said: "The issue has been resolved."
"I don't see the urgency of this, and I am not going to grant this request."	"I don't see the urgency in this so I'm not going to grant it," West said.
In its statement, the bank said it believed "the long-term prospects for the energy sector in the United Kingdom remain attractive."	"We believe the long-term prospects for the energy sector in the UK remain attractive," Goldman said.
The tour plans to make stops in 103 cities before rallying in Washington on Oct. 1-2, and in New York City on Oct. 3-4.	The tour will stop in 103 cities before rallying in Washington on Oct. 1 and 2, and New York on Oct. 3 and 4.
When fully operational, the facility is expected to employ up to 1,000 people.	The plant would employ 1,000 people when fully built out, the company said.
Shares of McDonald's rose $1.83, or 8.3 percent, to close at the day's high of $23.89.	McDonald's shares rose $1.83 to close Friday at $23.89 on the New York Stock Exchange.
The girls and three of the cadets were cited for underage drinking.	The girls, ages 16 and 18, were ticketed for underage drinking along with three of the cadets.
Oracle Corp's Chairman and CEO Larry Ellison didn't rule out sweetening the company's unsolicited offer to acquire rival PeopleSoft Inc.	Oracle chairman Larry Ellison has hinted that the company could yet again increase its offer for rival PeopleSoft.
Former Indiana Rep. Frank McCloskey, 64, died Sunday in Bloomington after a battle with bladder cancer.	McCloskey died Sunday afternoon in his home after a year-long battle with bladder cancer.
The bill also requires the FCC to hold at least five public hearings before voting on future ownership changes.	Another component of the bill would require the FCC to hold at least five public hearings on future ownership rule changes before voting.
State government sources said Travis' move was a direct result of the controversy over the Boudin parole decision.	Sources say this decision was a direct result of the decision to release Boudin.
The House has passed prescription-drug legislation in the last two sessions, but the Senate has failed to do so.	The House has passed bills the past two Congresses, but the Senate has not.
He failed a field sobriety test and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 -- well above Tennessee's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10, police said.	The player's eyes were bloodshot and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 - well above Tennessee's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10, the report said.
TI further said that, as a result of the license agreement, it will not change its prices for OMAP devices.	In a joint statement, the companies said that as a result of the license agreement, TI will not be changing its prices.
Continuing the record-setting pace of recent years, personal bankruptcies rose 7.8 percent in the 12 months ending Sept. 30, the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts said Friday.	The record-setting pace of new personal bankruptcies continued in the 12 months ending Sept. 30, with their number rising 7.8 percent, according to data released Friday.
Enstrom and Kabat focused their work on 35,561 people who had never smoked but had spouses who did.	The study focused on the 35,561 people who had never smoked, but who lived with a spouse who did.
Symantec yesterday bought SSL VPN appliance vendor SafeWeb for $26 million in cash.	Symantec Monday said it will acquire SSL VPN appliance provider Safeweb for $26 million in cash.
More than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang.	More than 100 officers launched the London raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine and money laundering ring.
But the plan was dropped because some of the terrorists were uncomfortable that schoolchildren would be their victims.	But the plan was abandoned as some in the group were uncomfortable the victims would be schoolchildren.
Early Wednesday, the benchmark 10-year US10YT=RR had lost 16/32 in price, driving its yield up to 3.33 percent from 3.26 percent late Tuesday.	Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 26/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.27 percent from 3.17 percent.
Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Billy Tauzin, R-La., said Friday that he will hold a hearing on the blackout as soon as lawmakers return in September.	House Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Billy Tauzin, R-La., said his committee will hold a hearing on the power outage in September.
Also, businesses throughout Utah are volunteering to display Amber alerts on their signs.	Other businesses are volunteering to put the alerts on their electronic signs and billboards.
Says IBM: "Electrons come down from the poly-silicon emitter, accelerate through the SiGe base, and make a turn in the SOI layer towards the collector contact electrode.	"Electrons come down from the polysilicon emitter, accelerate through the SiGe base and make a turn in the SOI layer towards the collector contact electrode," the company said.
According to market research from The NPD Group, the number of people downloading music dropped from 14.5 million in April to 10.4 million in June.	The number of households acquiring music fell from a high of 14.5 million in April to 12.7 million in May and 10.4 million in June, according to NPD.
Beleaguered telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	Two federal agencies are investigating telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
Extra guidance on countering suicide bombers is now being given to officers in London and will be extended over the next month to police around the country.	Extra guidance on countering suicide bombers is now being given to officers in London, and will be extended to other forces next month.
The Passion will feature actor James Caviezel as Christ and actress Monica Bellucci as Mary Magdalene.	Directed by Gibson, the reported $25 million production stars Jim Caviezel as Jesus and Monica Bellucci as Mary Magdalene.
U.S. officials say the six were, like other prisoners at the U.S. Naval base in Cuba, suspected of involvement with al-Qaida, Afghanistan's Taliban or some other group.	US officials say the six, like other prisoners at Guantanamo, were suspected of involvement with al-Qaeda, Afghanistan's Taliban or some other group.
Perry has called lawmakers into two special sessions to address congressional redistricting.	Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.
"Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end," said Hit resident Abu Qasim.	"Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end."
The autopsy was ordered sealed at the request of both the prosecution and defense.	Girolami ordered the records conditionally sealed May 15 at the request of prosecution and defense attorneys.
"I feel like the weight of the world has been lifted from my shoulders," Ms McCorvey said at a news conference in Dallas on Tuesday.	"I feel like the weight of the world has been lifted from my shoulders," Ms. McCorvey said at a downtown Dallas news conference.
Meanwhile, the U.S. civilian administrator for Iraq, L. Paul Bremer, paid a two-hour visit to the northern cities of Erbil and Sulaimaniyah.	Elsewhere in the north, the American administrator for Iraq, L. Paul Bremer III, paid a brief, low-profile visit to the cities of Erbil and Suleimaniya.
The lawsuit names Shelley, a Democrat, and registrars in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.	The lawsuit named Secretary of State Kevin Shelley, a Democrat, and the registrars of voters in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was off 11.64 points, or 0.60 percent, at 1,912.65.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index (.IXIC: Quote, Profile, Research) ended off 2.96 points, or 0.15 percent, at 1,921.33.
Additionally, the h2210’s cradle has room to charge a second battery.	The cradle for the h2200 has space for recharging a second battery.
Still, Jessica Biel (of "7th Heaven" fame) brings an athletic intensity to the role of Leatherface's last elusive victim.	Still, Jessica Biel (formerly of the WB’s “7th Heaven”) brings an athletic intensity to the role of Leatherface’s last elusive victim.
Police and officials said about 200 people were rescued by fishing boats or managed to struggle to shore.	About 200 people were rescued by fishing boats or managed to reach shore, police and officials said.
In that case, the court held that Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning only the advertising pamphlets in the interest of aesthetics.	In that case, the court held that the city of Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning, in the interest of aesthetics, only the advertising pamphlets.
The Senate version has no coverage for annual costs between $4,450 and $5,800.	They would receive no help with costs between $4,500 and $5,800.
"PeopleSoft management entrenchment tactics continue to destroy the value of the company for its shareholders," said Deborah Lilienthal, an Oracle spokeswoman.	"PeopleSoft's management's entrenchment tactics continue to destroy the value of the company for its shareholders," Oracle spokeswoman Jennifer Glass said Tuesday.
"That said, however, no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used."	Ridge said that no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.
The district also sent letters yesterday informing parents of the situation.	Parents received letters informing them of the possible contamination yesterday.
"The Leading Economic Index finally points to a recovery, almost a year and a half after the end of the recession," Conference Board economist Ken Goldstein said.	Conference Board economist Ken Goldstein said the improved reading "finally points to a recovery, almost a year and a half after the end of the recession.
Shares of McDonald's Corp. and Wendy's International Inc. continued a modest run-up on the New York Stock Exchange Monday.	Shares of McDonald's and Wendy's continued their recent recovery Monday, rising more than 1 percent on the New York Stock Exchange in afternoon trade.
In winter, it is transformed into a treacherous embankment, a mountain of ice and snow that blankets everything.	In winter, Terrapin Point is transformed into a treacherous embankment of ice and snow that blankets everything -- the park, the railings, even the lampposts.
The intelligence service, headed by Mr. Fujimori's spy chief, Vladimiro Montesinos, was accused of tortures, drug trafficking and disappearances.	The head of the intelligence service under Mr. Fujimori, Vladimiro Montesinos, was accused of tortures and disappearances.
Fed policy-makers signaled they were prepared to cut rates, now at a 41-year low, to ward off even the threat of deflation.	Fed policy-makers last week signaled they are prepared to cut that rate to ward off even the threat of deflation.
"It appears that many employers accused of workplace discrimination will be considered guilty until they can prove themselves innocent," he said.	"Employers accused of workplace discrimination now are considered guilty until they can prove themselves innocent.
The formula for its baby food is prepared by the German-owned Humana Milchunion.	The formula is produced for Remedia by German company Humana Milchunion.
Nearly one in 10 people have a gene mutation that can raise their risk of cancer by a quarter or more, U.S. researchers reported on Thursday.	Nearly one in 10 people have a gene mutation that can raise their risk of cancer by 25 percent or more, US researchers reported yesterday.
The findings are published in the November 6 edition of the journal Nature.	Both studies are published on Thursday in Nature, the British weekly science journal.
Net profit was $275m, or 23 cents per American Depositary Receipt, for the period ending March 31.	News Corp. posted net profit of $275 million, or 21 cents per American Depositary Receipt, for the fiscal third quarter ended March 31.
Agrawal said her research does not suggests that PCOS causes lesbianism, only that PCOS is more prevalent in lesbian women.	She continued: "Our research neither suggests nor indicates that PCO/PCOS causes lesbianism, only that PCO/PCOS is more prevalent in lesbian women.
"The economy, nonetheless, has yet to exhibit sustainable growth.	But the economy hasn't shown signs of sustainable growth.
Meanwhile, students and others at Pacific Lutheran University near Tacoma, about 40 miles to the south, acted out a second, simultaneous attack on campus.	Meanwhile, volunteers at Pacific Lutheran University near Tacoma, about 40 miles to the south, simulated a second, simultaneous attack.
The suspect has been charged with juvenile delinquency, based on intentionally causing damage to computers.	A news release from the office said the arrest was for an act of juvenile delinquency based on intentionally causing damage to protected computers.
Cisco executives said they were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but hoped for a rebound.	Cisco executives were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but said they remained ``cautiously optimistic'' about a rebound.
Jail warden Gene Fischi said said Selenski and Bolton broke their 12-inch-by-18-inch cell window, threw a mattress to the ground and shimmied down the rope to a second-story roof.	Warden Gene Fischi said the two inmates broke a 12-by-18-inch cell window, threw a mattress to the ground, and clambered down the makeshift rope to a second-story roof.
Trans fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain food products.	Trans fats are created when vegetable oil has been partially hydrogenated, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products.
MEN who drink tea, particularly green tea, can greatly reduce their risk of prostate cancer, a landmark WA study has found.	DRINKING green tea can dramatically reduce the risk of men contracting prostate cancer, a study by Australian researchers has discovered.
Full classes of 48 each are booked through the end of next month, he said, and the agency plans to double its classes in January.	Full classes of 48 are booked through September, he said, and the Transportation Security Administration plans to double its classes in January.
Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Sandra Day O'Connor agreed with Thomas.	He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Antonin Scalia.
"I still don't think it is a trade secret," Bunner said yesterday.	"We don't think that there is a trade secret here."
Bashir felt he was being tried by opinion not on the facts, Mahendradatta told Reuters.	Bashir also felt he was being tried by opinion rather than facts of law, he added.
According to Saunders, the gunman said he was frustrated by the U.S. Postal Service's response to an accident involving a postal vehicle.	Sheriff's Department spokesman Chris Saunders said the man told them he was frustrated by the Postal Service's response to an accident involving a postal vehicle.
In the interview, Mr. Reed said board members could not defend themselves by saying they did not realize the size of Mr. Grasso's package.	Reed said board members can't defend themselves by saying they didn't realize the size of Grasso's package.
It estimated on Thursday it has a 51 percent market share in Europe.	Boston Scientific said it has gained 51 percent of the coated-stent market in Europe.
A conviction could bring a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.	If convicted, he faces a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
Pepper spray and four arrests marked a Monday evening march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit.	Police using pepper spray arrested 12 people Monday night at a march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit.
A powerful typhoon hit southern areas of South Korea, killing at least 42 people and forcing thousands to flee, authorities said yesterday.	A typhoon packing record strength winds slammed into South Korea killing at least 48 people and forcing about 25,000 to flee from their homes, authorities said on Saturday.
Also demonstrating box-office strength - and getting seven Tony nominations - was a potent revival of Eugene O'Neill's family drama, Long Day's Journey Into Night.	Also demonstrating box-office strength -- and getting seven Tony nominations -- was a potent revival of Eugene ONeills family drama, Long Days Journey Into Night."
Under the legislation, a physician who performed the procedure could face up to two years in prison.	Physicians who perform the procedure would face up to two years in prison, under the bill.
The German envoy, Gunter Pleuger, told reporters today, "The important issues are how the political process is being organized."	"The important issues are how the political process is being organized," Pleuger told reporters.
Captain Robert Ramsey of US 1St Armored Division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am.	Earlier, Captain Robert Ramsey of the First Armoured Division said a truck had exploded outside the buildings at around 11am.
Los Angeles- The deep-sea adventure "Finding Nemo" hooked the top spot at the box office yesterday with an estimated $70.6-million opening weekend.	The deep-sea adventure netted the top spot at the box office Sunday with an estimated $70.6 million US opening weekend.
Excluding litigation charges, RIM's loss narrowed even further to 1 cent a share.	Excluding patent litigation, RIM's loss for the quarter was $700,000, or 1 cent per share.
Larger publishers such as Viacom Inc.'s VIAb.N Simon & Schuster and Bertelsmann AG's BERT.UL Random House decided against pursuing the books group, the sources said.	Larger publishers such as Simon & Schuster and Random House decided not to pursue the books group, sources familiar with the situation said.
"We think this planet formed with its star, 12.713 billion years ago when the (Milky Way) galaxy was very young, just in the process of forming."	We think this planet formed with its star 12.713 billion years ago, when the [Milky Way] galaxy was . . . just in the process of forming.
Born in 1953 in Baghdad, her father was Salih Magdi Ammash, a former Vice-President, Defence Minister and member of the Baath party leadership.	Born in 1953 in Baghdad, she is the daughter of Saleh Mahdi Ammash, a former vice-president, defence minister and member of the Baath party's leadership.
It was better under Saddam," said 28-year-old Mushtaq Talib, a job-seeking army deserter, when asked what message he would like to convey to Powell.	"It was better under Saddam...The war did nothing for us," said 28-year-old Mushtaq Talib, a job-seeking army deserter, when asked what message he would give to Powell.
He admits that the law "has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit, undermining our defenses."	But he also told the House Judiciary Committee the law "has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit, undermining our defenses."
Among the Group of Seven nations, the leading indicator rose to 119.1 from 118.2 in April.	The Group of Seven nations, meanwhile, also saw some improvement, with the leading indicator rising to 119.1, from April's 118.2.
Mr Kerkorian said: "We believe that recent trading prices of MGM's common stock do not reflect MGM's full value and that the stock represents and attractive investment."	"We believe that recent trading prices of MGM's common stock do not reflect MGM's full value and that the stock represents an attractive investment," Kerkorian said in a statement.
Sen. Richard Shelby, R-Ala., chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, wasn't rushing to endorse the legislation.	Sen. Richard Shelby, a Republican from Alabama, chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, wasn't rushing to endorse the legislation, said committee spokesman Andrew Gray.
"We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue," the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a statement.	China's foreign ministry said: "We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue."
In an E-mail statement to the Knoxville News Sentinel, Shumaker said, ''I am not giving any consideration to resignation.	I am not giving any consideration to resignation," Shumaker said in a statement.
New building hasn't put any drag on the skyrocketing median home price, up 14.8 percent to $364,000 in April from a year ago.	New construction has not put a drag on the skyrocketing median home price, which is $364,000 in April, up 14.8 percent from a year ago.
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $1.15.	Dealers said the euro's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $1.15.
INTEL TODAY disclosed details of its next-generation XScale processor for mobile phones and handheld devices here in San Jose.	Intel on Wednesday unveiled its next-generation processor for cell phones, PDAs, and other wireless devices.
News Corp., whose empire spans Hollywood's Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. to publishing house HarperCollins Publishers Ltd., owns 35 per cent of BSkyB.	News Corp., whose empire spans Hollywood's Twentieth Century Fox to publishing house HarperCollins, owns 35 percent of BSkyB.
KEDO Spokesman, Roland Tricot said: "The executive board decided to refer this question to capitals.	"The executive board decided to refer this to the capitals," the Korean Energy Development Organization said.
"It seems to me you're trying to protect privacy of theft," she said to Barr.	"It seems to me they are attempting to protect privacy of theft."
As of Friday, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported 1,602 human cases of West Nile so far this year, including 28 deaths.	The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports there have been 1,602 human cases of West Nile virus nationwide this year and 28 deaths.
After that, college President Paul Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.	After Hedges' microphone was unplugged for a second time, Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.
The statement said Mr Turner transferred 10 million shares of the stock to a charitable trust, which then sold them.	Mr. Turner transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable trust before they were sold.
His lawyer, Harriet Newman Cohen, said later that Cuomo "was betrayed and saddened by his wife's conduct during their marriage."	Yesterday, Mr. Cuomo's lawyer, Harriet Newman Cohen, read a statement over the phone: "Mr. Cuomo was betrayed and saddened by his wife's conduct during their marriage.
"Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant," they announced at a press conference yesterday.	"Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant," Wyden and Dorgan said Monday in a letter to the Pentagon.
A coalition of states petitioned a federal appeals court Thursday in an effort to force the Environmental Protection Agency to regulate greenhouse gas emissions.	New Jersey was one of eleven states that asked a federal appeals court Thursday to force the Environmental Protection Agency to regulate greenhouse gas emissions.
People with two copies of the mutated gene have double this risk, the researchers said.	The risk is doubled for people with two copies of the mutated gene, the researchers said.
"I'm amazed at the number of people who think there is a silver bullet for security," Capellas said.	"I'm amazed at how many people think there is a silver bullet for security," he said.
State air regulators and two automakers have settled a lawsuit challenging the nation's toughest auto emissions program, a spokesman for California's air board said Monday.	State air regulators and three automakers have agreed to settle a lawsuit challenging the nation's toughest auto emissions program, according to a spokesman for California's air board.
"We've become like total strangers," Klein quotes him as saying.	"We've become like total strangers," John told a pal two days before his death.
"This action in no way reduces our commitment to the North American market or changes our long-term plan for growth," said O'Neill, who is based in California.	This action in no way reduces our commitment to the North American market or changes our long-term plan for growth,"O'Neill said.
Forecasters said warnings might go up for Cuba later Thursday.	Watches or warnings could be issued for eastern Cuba later on Thursday.
Negotiators said Friday they made good progress during their latest round of talks on creating a Central American Free Trade Agreement.	Negotiators said Friday they made progress during their latest round of free-trade negotiations between the United States and five Central American countries this week in Houston.
But at age 15, she had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.	But at the age of 15, she weighed a whopping 117kg and came to a difficult decision: it was time to try surgery.
The author is one of several defense experts expected to testify.	Spitz is expected to testify later for the defense.
The program only spreads further when a computer user clicks on the attached program that then secretly mails itself to e-mail addresses on the user's computer.	The program spreads further only when a computer user selects the attached program that then secretly mails itself to e-mail addresses stored in the user's computer.
The jawbone is similar to those of other early modern humans found in Africa, the Middle East and later in Europe.	Most of their features were similar to those of early humans whose fossils have been found at sites in Africa, the Middle East, and later in Europe.
Researchers found the fossils in a semidesert area of Venezuela, about 250 miles west of Caracas.	Phoberomys' skeleton was unearthed 250 miles west of Caracas, Venezuela.
"Just as before, it will be up to the council to decide the direction and the timing of the process."	Just as before, it will be up to the Council to decide the direction and process.
Ms. Cripps-Prawak left last Friday, two days after the department introduced a plan to distribute medical marijuana through doctors' offices.	The director of the Office of Medical Access, Cindy Cripps-Prawak, left her job after the department introduced a plan to distribute marijuana through doctors' offices.
An injured woman co-worker also was hospitalized and was listed in good condition.	A woman was listed in good condition at Memorial's HealthPark campus, he said.
Woodley, 44, died of liver and kidney failure Sunday at a hospital in his native Shreveport, La., said his niece, Lucy Woodley.	Mr. Woodley died Sunday at age 44 of liver and kidney failure in his native Shreveport, La.
Grinspun’s concerns came after two emergency room nurses tried to warn doctors at the hospital in mid-May that five family members had SARS-like symptoms, according to the newspaper.	Ms Grinspun's concerns came after two emergency room nurses tried to warn doctors at the hospital in mid-May that five family members had SARS-like symptoms.
Each hull will cost about $1.4 billion, with each fully outfitted submarine costing about $2.2 billion, Young said.	Each hull produced by the yards will cost about $1.4 billion, and the completed submarines will cost about $2.2 billion each, Young said.
Tuition at the six two-year community colleges will leap by $300, to $2,800.	And tuition at two-year community colleges jumps $300, or 12 percent, to $2,800.
The club's board of directors, chaired by president Florentino Perez, decided against renewing the 52-year-old's contract.	A meeting of the clubs board of directors, chaired by president Florentino Perez, had decided against renewing the 52-year-olds contract as Real Madrid coach.
In addition, Panther includes FileVault, a new feature that secures the contents of a home directory with 128-bit AES encryption.	A new feature dubbed FileVault, also new in Panther, secures the contents of a user's home directory with 128-bit AES encryption.
President George W. Bush said he's appointed Paul Bremer, a security and counter-terrorism expert, as the top U.S. official overseeing the reconstruction of Iraq.	U.S. President George W. Bush said he's appointed Paul (Jerry) Bremer, a security and counter-terrorism expert, as presidential envoy to Iraq.
"Some of us find the collateral damage greater than it needs to be in the conduct of this war," said Rep. Howard Berman, D-Calif.	Added Rep. Howard Berman, D-Calif.: "Some of us find that the collateral damage is greater than it needs to be in the conduct of this war."
In Sweden, 99 percent of women are literate while at the other end of the scale, only eight percent of women in Niger are literate.	In Sweden, 99 percent of women are literate, compared with only 8 percent of women in Niger.
The officials did not say whether U.S. forces crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian border guards became involved.	U.S. officials did not say whether American forces, who were acting on intelligence, crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian guards were involved.
Urban hospitals have traditionally been reimbursed at higher rates on the belief that medical treatment is less expensive in small cities and towns.	The federal government has traditionally reimbursed urban hospitals at higher rates on the belief that medical treatment is less expensive in small cities and towns.
"To have people say we did this for the money is foolish and dead wrong," Thomas quoted Jackson as saying.	"To have people say that we did this for the money is foolish and dead wrong," Raymond Jackson said through the pastor.
A summary of his remarks says: all the group's savings have been lost to raids and arrests, and JI is totally dependent on al-Qa'ida for money.	In addition, Hambali laments, "all the group's savings have been lost to raids and arrests," and "JI is now totally dependent on al-Qaeda for money."
It predicted that a 7.0 percent rise to $204.9 billion in 2006 would push the industry's yearly sales slightly past its highest-ever level in in 2000.	It also predicted that a 7.0 per cent rise to $204.9bn in 2006, topping the industry's yearly sales record set in 2000.
We cannot allow anything like that, and we won't."	"We cannot, and will not, allow anything of the kind."
The Pentagon had hoped to retain control of the postwar effort, so the decision is a victory for Secretary of State Colin L. Powell.	The Pentagon had hoped to retain control of the postwar effort, so the decision was seen by some insiders as a victory for Powell and the State Department.
His hatred for these people had germinated from these discussions and helped cement his belief that violence was the panacea.	His hatred had germinated and cemented his belief that violence was the best panacea.
He suddenly found himself confronted with dozens of panicked guests and face to face with one of the men involved in the attack.	He suddenly found himself confronted with dozens of panicked guests and face to face with one of three men who led the attacks.
If found guilty, Samudra could be sentenced to death under anti-terror laws passed soon after the bombings.	If found guilty, he could be executed under anti-terror laws passed in the weeks after the bombings.
Counties with population declines will be Vermillion, Posey and Madison.	Vermillion, Posey and Madison County populations will decline.
He's ashamed of his party, and I don't blame him one bit."	"The other guy, he's ashamed of his party, and I don't blame him.
Agents found more than 1,000 credit cards and credit card duplicating machines during a search of Ragin's address.	When Ragin's address was raided, authorities found more than 1,000 credit cards and duplicating machines.
Michael Bloomberg, NYC Mayor: "I'm gonna try march with a number of different groups.	"I'm going to try to march with a number of different groups," Bloomberg said.
Gemstar's shares gathered up 2.6 percent, adding 14 cents to $5.49 at the close.	Gemstar shares moved higher on the news, closing up 2.6 percent at $5.49 on Nasdaq.
NBC also is introducing three new dramas, including one starring West Wing fugitive Rob Lowe as a Washington lawyer.	Three new dramas, including one starring The West Wing refugee Rob Lowe, will also be on the schedule, NBC announced yesterday.
A poll showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelection effort against GOP opponent Sam Katz.	A poll released this week showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor has given a boost to his re-election effort.
The survey of 60,000 people, conducted in 2001 and 2002, found 91 percent of commuters use their own car or truck.	The Transportation Department survey of 60,000 people, conducted in 2001 and 2002, found 91 percent of people who commute use their own cars or trucks.
Brian Lara, the West Indies captain, was unbeaten on 93 at the rain interval while Marlon Samuels was five not out.	Lara was unbeaten on 93 when the torrential rain stopped play with Marlon Samuels on five.
Mr. Bremer said Iran continued to interfere in fledgling political reconstruction, including Tehran s intelligence service.	Mr. Bremer said that Iran, including its intelligence service, continued to interfere in fledgling political reconstruction.
"PNC regrets its involvement" in the deals, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Rohr said in a statement.	James Rohr, chairman and chief executive officer, said PNC regretted the incident.
"If we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism," he said.	This is a hospital that treats everybody as people, and if we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism."
She says the King County medical examiner's office has confirmed the remains are human.	At 2:25 p.m., the King County medical examiner confirmed the remains were human, Larson said.
Hospitals and the Red Cross appealed to blood donors yesterday.	The Connecticut Hospital Association joined the Red Cross Monday in calling for more blood donors.
Macugen dries up those blood vessels by blocking a protein in the body that promotes blood-vessel growth.	Macugen dries up those blood vessels by blocking a protein in the body called vascular endothelial growth factor that promotes blood vessel growth.
She recently got the endorsement of the National Organization for Women and the National Women's Political Caucus.	Moseley Braun has scored endorsements from the National Organization for Women and the National Women's Political Caucus.
I think he has to disembrace Putin and put him on notice that he is taking the country in the wrong direction," Soros said.	"President Bush has to put Putin on notice that he is taking Russia in the wrong direction," Soros said.
Sen. John Rockefeller, D-W.Va., said that provision of the Senate bill undermined a basic tenet of Medicare.	Senator John D. Rockefeller IV, Democrat of West Virginia, said that provision of the Senate bill undermined a basic tenet of Medicare.
The GameCube, which badly underperformed expectations in the last fiscal year, trails both Sony's PlayStation 2 and Microsoft Corp.'s MSFT.O Xbox.	The GameCube, a major disappointment in the last fiscal year, trails both Sony's PlayStation 2 and Microsoft' Xbox.
Before Thursday's matinee, Baker called a clubhouse meeting, concerned that the controversy had distracted the Cubs.	Baker called a pregame meeting, believing the the corked-bat episode had distracted the team.
State police said as many as 30 workers were trapped immediately after the garage collapsed.	As many as 30 people were believed to be trapped inside initially, the state police said.
The Bush administration should make public the fact about Saudi Arabia's complicity with terrorists rather than worry about offending the kingdom, lawmakers said Sunday.	The Bush administration should make public facts about purported Saudi Arabian complicity with terrorists rather than worry about offending the kingdom, several legislators said yesterday.
The agent reported his contacts to Texas Department of Public Safety and told officers another legislator, Rep. Gabi Canales, D-Alice, they sought also was in Ardmore.	The agent reported his contacts to Texas law enforcement officials and told them another legislator being sought was in Ardmore.
"These changes may affect a large number of existing Web pages," the statement continued.	Still, changes to IE "may affect a large number of existing Web pages," according to the W3C's notice.
Prime Minister Tony Blair, speaking at his monthly news conference, played up the danger and stressed the very grave threat that Britons were under and urged vigilance.	Prime Minister Tony Blair, speaking at his monthly news conference, repeated his warning that Britons were under threat and urged vigilance.
OPEC producers at a meeting on Wednesday are set to pressure independent oil exporters to contribute to the cartel's next supply cut to allow for the return of Iraqi oil.	OPEC this week is set to pressure independent exporters to back the cartel's next supply cut to prevent the resumption of Iraqi exports undercutting oil prices.
The Democratic governor said the budget passed by the legislature May 9 would reduce or eliminate services to 5,800 developmentally disabled people.	The governor said budget cuts in mental health care would cut services to 5,800 developmentally disabled Missourians.
"The lies and deceptions from Saddam have been well documented over 12 years."	It has been well documented over 12 years of lies and deception from Saddam."
Microsoft Corp. this week is releasing the second in a line of seven Microsoft Office Solution Accelerators for its suite.	Microsoft Monday released the second in a planned series of Solution Accelerators for its Office product lineup.
Analyst Mike King of Banc of America Securities downgraded Genentech on Monday to a "sell" before the company released its statement on the colon-cancer research.	Indeed, analyst Mike King of Banc of America Securities downgraded Genentech yesterday to a "sell" before the company released its colon cancer news.
The four suspects are scheduled to appear in court Tuesday or Wednesday, said Philip Murgor, Kenya's deputy public prosecutor.	All four are expected to appear in court Tuesday or Wednesday, he said.
The 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Wednesday ruled that an Ohio law banning a controversial late-term abortion method passes constitutional muster and the state can enforce it.	An Ohio law that bans a controversial late-term abortion procedure is constitutionally acceptable and the state can enforce it, a federal appeals court ruled yesterday.
The case comes out of Illinois and involves a for-profit company called Telemarketing Associates Inc.	The case decided Monday centered around an Illinois fund-raiser, Telemarketing Associates.
Christensen most recently served as VP of Microsoft's mobile devices division.	He most recently served as corporate vice president of Microsoft's Mobile Devices Marketing Group.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 22.25 points, or 2.23 percent, to 1,018.22, based on the latest available figures.	The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 11.22 points, or 1.13 percent, at 1,007.19.
The camp hosts summer religious retreats for children and other events year-round, according to its Web site.	The Saint Sophia Camp hosts religious retreats for children during the summer months as well as other events year round, according to its Web site.
In Uganda, the Rev Jackson Turyagyenda, an Anglican spokesman, said his church was "very disappointed".	In Uganda, Anglican spokesman Jackson Turyagyenda said the church was "very disappointed".
His family and friends said he had travelled to the region for a cultural visit.	Family and friends of the west Belfast man insist he was in the West Bank on a "cultural visit".
All of a sudden, its like a bullet went through them its like a state of shock.	"All of a sudden, it's like a bullet went through them - it's like a state of shock.
On Monday during an annual biotechnology meeting in Washington, President Bush criticized Europe for aggravating hunger in Africa by closing its markets to genetically modified food.	President Bush on Monday accused Europe of aggravating hunger in Africa by closing its markets to genetically modified food.
The union had not yet revealed which chain would be targeted.	The union said it would reveal later which chain would be targeted.
Casteen has been under pressure from Gov. Mark R. Warner and other state officials to do whatever he could to protect Virginia Tech's athletic viability.	Virginia Gov. Mark R. Warner has been urging other state officials to do whatever they could to protect Virginia Tech's interests.
He met members of the nation's biggest business lobby and was quoted as saying he wanted China to adopt flexible trade and foreign exchange policies.	Japan's business lobby quoted Snow as saying he wanted China to be flexible on its trade and foreign exchange policies.
The subject was scarcely mentioned in his campaign, or in the national security strategy that is his administration's bible.	The subject was scarcely mentioned in his 2000 campaign, or in his administration's national security strategy.
The Agriculture Department already has issued a recall for 10,410 pounds of beef slaughtered Dec. 9 at Vern's Moses Lake Meat Co. in Moses Lake, Wash.	The Agriculture Department already has issued a recall for beef slaughtered along with the infected cow Dec. 9 at a meat company in Moses Lake, Wash.
"The SEC believes that Lay has personal knowledge of several matters under investigation," the commission said in the suit.	"The commission's staff believes that Lay has personal knowledge of several matters under investigation," the SEC said.
Huge fires in Arizona and Colorado scorched forests where portions of projects meant to reduce the fire threat were tied up in appeals.	Huge fires in Arizona and Colorado scorched forests in areas where thinning projects had meant to reduce the fire threat, but were tied up in appeals, Bush said.
"Each institution helped Enron mislead its investors by characterizing what were essentially loan proceeds as cash from operating activities," the SEC said in a statement.	The SEC said each bank helped Enron mislead investors by characterizing "what were essentially loan proceeds" as cash from operating activities.
When Olvera-Carrera was moved to the bus, Perez said the officers dragged him across the ground.	When Olvera-Carrera was moved to the bus, the officers dragged his paralyzed body across the ground, Perez said.
The MTA will not discuss the matter because of pending litigation.	MTA spokeswoman Marisa Baldeo Sunday night declined to discuss the matter because of the pending litigation.
It features clasped hands and a peace pipe overlapping a hatchet.	Above the clasped hands is a tomahawk crossed by a peace pipe, signifying peace.
The industry's largest association is urging its members not call the more than 50 million home and cellular numbers on the list.	Meantime, the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list.
This study's researchers, from the Institute of Child Development of the University of Minnesota, had earlier found the same pattern in children aged three and four.	This study's researchers, from the Institute of Child Development of the University of Minnesota, had earlier found the same pattern in 3- and 4-year-olds.
Enter Miami Police Chief John Timoney, an avowed enemy of activist "punks" who repeatedly classified FTAA opponents as "outsiders coming in to terrorize and vandalize our city."	Enter the Miami police chief, John Timoney, an avowed enemy of activist "punks", who classified FTAA opponents as "outsiders coming in to terrorise and vandalise our city".
The weather service reported maximum sustained winds of nearly 105 miles an hour with stronger gusts.	Maximum sustained winds were around 40 mph, with stronger gusts.
The updated products include Pylon Pro, Pylon Conduit, Pylon Anywhere, and Pylon Application Server.	The new products on the desktop side include the latest versions of Pylon Conduit and Pylon Pro.
Malvo, 18, will go on trial Nov. 10 for the fatal shooting of FBI analyst Linda Franklin outside a Home Depot store in Falls Church, Va.	Malvo, 18, is charged in the fatal shooting of FBI analyst Linda Franklin outside a Home Depot store in Falls Church.
Misfeldt agreed to pay $US346,807 in allegedly ill-gotten gains and $US111,595 in interest.	Mr. Misfeldt agreed to surrender $346,807 in trading profits and $111,595 in interest.
The software giant announced at its company-sponsored TechEd conference in Dallas that two key products will enter customer testing.	At the company-sponsored TechEd conference in Dallas, Microsoft executives will announce that two key products will enter customer testing this U.S. summer.
Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but Central Command sent hundreds who ran the war back home to Tampa, Florida.	As Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but hundreds who ran the war have returned to the United States.
Tornadoes tore through Kansas, Missouri and other states in the Midwest, killing as many as 29 people, the Associated Press reported.	Tornadoes continue to tear across the U.S. Midwest after ripping through six states, killing as many as 29 people, the Associated Press reported.
The nation's largest retailer has told its 100 top suppliers they have to start using electronic tags on all pallets of goods by Jan. 25, 2005.	Wal-Mart has told its top 100 suppliers that they'll need to have radio-frequency ID systems in place for tracking pallets of goods through the supply chain by Jan. 25, 2005.
Its maker, MedImmune Inc., based in Gaithersburg, made 4 million to 5 million doses this year.	MedImmune Vaccines, the maker of FluMist, made between 4 million and 5 million doses this year.
JetBlue shares slipped nearly 5 percent Tuesday morning on the Nasdaq Stock Market in New York after the deal was announced.	JetBlue shares fell $1.86, or 5.4 percent, to $32.75 in late morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market after the deal was announced.
The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade yesterday warned Australians to defer all nonessential travel to Indonesia because of reports of planned terrorist attacks.	The Department of Foreign Affairs yesterday updated its travel warning on Indonesia, recommending all non-essential travel be deferred because of concerns that more terrorist attacks were planned.
"In my mind this is not an issue on the horizon right now."	"In my mind this is not an issue on the horizon right now," he was quoted as saying.
The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.	The University of Michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admissions policy Thursday after its acceptance requirements were rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court in June.
The only other person who had not been accounted for Sunday was a man from Fort Worth, Texas.	Another person, a man from Fort Worth, Texas, also was missing.
"There is nothing Rob Furst did in any way that was not abetted and approved by senior officials at Merrill Lynch."	"There is nothing that Rob Furst did that was not vetted and approved by senior individuals at Merrill."
E Ink is one of several companies working to develop electronic ``paper'' for e-newspapers and e-books, and other possible applications -- even clothing with computer screens sewn into it.	E Ink is one of several groups trying to develop electronic "paper" for e-newspapers and e-books, and other uses - even clothing with computer screens sewn into it.
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups tagged the state as deficient under the federal No Child Left Behind act.	But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups, such as race, pushed the state onto the needs-improvement list under the federal No Child Left Behind Act.
Officials involved in the Howard project rejected the idea that it could harm black people.	Officials involved in the Howard library rejected the idea of harming African-Americans.
I felt like it was a special day, but I didn't want to get ahead of myself," Stanford said.	"I thought it was going to be a special day, but I didn't want to get ahead of myself," she said.
WORLD No. 2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused the Association of Tennis Professionals of malice, including an alleged attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.	World No.2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice, including an attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
Along with chipmaker Intel, the companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., IBM Corp., Gateway Inc. and Nokia Corp.	Along with chip maker Intel, the companies include Sony, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, International Business Machines, Gateway, Nokia and others.
Express Scripts ESRX.O shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.	Shares of Express Scripts ESRX.O fell about 4 percent to $66.73 on the Nasdaq in late morning trade.
The indictment follows a criminal complaint filed by federal prosecutors on April 23.	Monday's three-count indictment replaces a criminal complaint filed by prosecutors on April 23.
Rork said he thought Walker would ask him to appeal the ruling in state court and perhaps in U.S. District Court.	Defense attorney William Rork said he thought Walker would ask him to appeal Parrish's ruling to a higher state court and perhaps U.S. District Court.
At least 11 more cases in Indiana and three in Illinois are suspected.	There’s also at least three suspected cases in Illinois and 11 in Indiana.
The high court will hear arguments Wednesday on whether companies can be sued under the ADA for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users.	The U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments on Wednesday on whether companies can be sued under the Americans with Disabilities Act for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users.
Merck also on Monday affirmed plans to spin off Medco to shareholders in the third quarter.	Merck plans to spin off all the shares of Medco to company shareholders in the third quarter.
At this writing, the fate of Alabama Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore hangs precariously in the hands of the states court of the judiciary.	Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stands trial before the Alabama Court of the Judiciary.
They said they had concluded that the film failed "to present a balanced portrayal" of the Reagans.	CBS said the show "does not present a balanced portrayal of the Reagans for CBS and its audience.
Its chief executive, Lawrence J. Lasser, resigned under pressure last Monday.	On Monday, Putnam said chief executive Lawrence J. Lasser had resigned.
The weakness exists in the way that VBA looks at the properties of documents passed to it when the document is opened by a host application.	The vulnerability exists in the way Microsoft's Visual Basic for Applications checks document properties passed to it when a document is opened.
According to reports, Knight allegedly punched a parking attendant outside a Los Angeles nightclub.	He was arrested last week for allegedly punching a parking attendant outside a nightclub in LA.
The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association (news - web sites).	The results are to be published in Wednesday's issue of The Journal of the American Medical Association.
Others with such a status are Egypt, Israel, and Australia.	Nations like Israel and Australia already have such status.
"But unfortunately we find that attacks on Iraqis have increased."	"But unfortunately we have found that attacks against Iraqis have increased," he added.
This Wednesday, the 127th anniversary of Custer's defeat, formal recognition is coming to the Indian warriors who prevailed that hot day, June 25, 1876.	Today, June 25, the 127th anniversary of Custer's defeat, formal recognition is coming to the Indian warriors who prevailed that hot June day in 1876.
After 10 years of debate, the government is requiring food labels to reveal exact levels of the artery clogger.	That's about to change, now that the government is requiring food labels to reveal exact levels of the artery clogger.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index slipped 4.77, or 0.5 percent, to 929.62.	The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX shed 0.17 of a point, or just 0.02 percent, to 934.
Although sex crimes Det.-Sgt. Dave Perry is in command of the case, homicide Det.-Sgt. Gerry Cashman appeared last evening at the home near Finch Ave. and Hwy. 404.	Although sex crimes Det.-Sgt. Dave Perry is in command of the case, homicide Det.-Sgt. Gerry Cashman appeared last night at the Finch Ave.-Hwy. 404 area home.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.	The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 79.43 points, or 0.86 percent, to 9,117.12 on Friday.
"The day may come when courts properly can and should declare the ultimate sanction to be unconstitutional in all cases," Wolf wrote.	"The day may come," Judge Wolf continued, "when a court properly can and should declare the ultimate sanction to be unconstitutional in all cases.
Montreal-based Bombardier's Class B shares rose 6 Canadian cents to C$3.80 in Toronto on Friday.	Bombardier's class B shares were up 13 Canadian cents or 3.2 percent at C$3.93 on the Toronto Stock Exchange late Monday morning.
Snow made his comments to Reuters on Friday but they were embargoed until Tuesday.	Snow's interview was conducted on Friday but embargoed until Tuesday.
At least 150 people are scheduled to testify at the hearings in Gaithersburg, Md., on Tuesday and Wednesday, with experts and activists lining up on each side.	At least 150 people are scheduled to testify at the hearings next week, with experts and activists lining up on both sides.
The mock explosion, the first event in the drill, occurred in a car in industrial south Seattle.	The mock explosion of a radioactive "dirty bomb," the first event in the weeklong drill, occurred on several acres in the south Seattle industrial area.
Pollack said the plaintiffs failed to show that Merrill and Blodget directly caused their losses.	Basically, the plaintiffs did not show that omissions in Merrill's research caused the claimed losses.
In the latest top-level shuffle at CNN, Teya Ryan is leaving her post as general manager of U.S. programming, the network announced.	In CNN's latest move to rejuvenate ratings, the network has ousted Teya Ryan, general manager of U.S. programming.
"For us that doesn't make a difference, the sexual orientation," Tutu told television reporters in Soweto.	"For us, that doesn't make a difference - the sexual orientation," Archbishop Tutu said in the black urban centre of Soweto.
Judge Leroy Millette Jr. can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole when Muhammad is formally sentenced Feb. 12, but Virginia judges rarely take such action.	Though the judge can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole, experts say Virginia judges rarely take that opportunity.
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, became a born-again Christian in June 2002.	Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the team at New Mexico for temper tantrums, became a born-again Christian in June 2002."
Customers include Mitsubishi, Siemens, DBTel, Dell, HP, Palm, Philips, Sharp, and Sony.	MediaQ's customers include major handheld makers Mitsubishi, Siemens, Palm, Sharp, Philips, Dell and Sony.
Mr Sahel said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-strong cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks on Saturday.	He said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who launched five almost simultaneous raids Friday night.
Boeing said the final agreement is expected to be signed during the next few weeks.	The Korean Air deal is expected to be finalized "in the next several weeks," Boeing spokesman Bob Saling said.
Five-year notes US5YT=RR rose 6/32 in price for a yield of 3.08 percent, down from 3.12 percent late on Tuesday.	Five-year notes US5YT=RR added 2/32 to give a yield of 3.10 percent from 3.12 percent.
At least 154 people, most of them opposition activists or officials, were arrested across the country Monday, police spokesman Wayne Bvudzijena said in a statement.	Police spokesman Wayne Bvudzijena said in a statement that at least 154 people, most of them opposition activists or officials, were arrested across the country Monday.
Lesser rewards of $15 million each were offered for the same information about his sons, Uday and Qusay.	Similar rewards were offered for his two sons and lieutenants, Uday and Qusay.
"The steps that the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qaida are insufficient," said Ari Fleischer, the White House press secretary.	"The steps that the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qaeda are insufficient," Fleischer said.
"They drive around in their cars, while people are being killed 500 metres away," he said on Sunday.	"What they are doing right now is they drive around in their cars, while people are being killed 500 metres away.
"This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting," said the foreman, Jim Wolfcale, a 41-year-old minister.	Jim Wolfcale, the jury foreman and a minister, said, "This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting."
Vial estimated that 250 to 500 vehicles were stranded overnight after the pass through the Siskiyou Mountains was closed Sunday night.	John Vial, district manager for the Oregon Department of Transportation, estimated that 250 to 500 vehicles were stranded overnight after the Siskiyou Pass was closed Sunday night.
They said they only wanted to entertain people and win the best float prize and were fired for exercising their free-speech rights.	They said they only wanted to be entertaining and win the a prize and were fired for exercising free-speech rights.
"This is one of the most important solutions for portable gaming," Nintendo R&D general manager Satoru Okada said in a statement.	This is one of the most important solutions for portable gaming," said Satoru Okada, general manager of Nintendo's research and engineering department.
"It is wasting both water and money," Ortega said Tuesday.	"It's a waste of water and money," said Adan Ortega, a Metropolitan vice president.
The United States says 1,882 Americans remain listed as missing in action and unaccounted for from the Vietnam War.	America says 1,882 of its service personnel are listed as missing in action and unaccounted for.
Intel spokesman Dan Francisco said the chip maker is looking into the issue, but declined to elaborate.	Intel spokesman Daniel Francisco said the company "is looking into the problem" identified by Nortel, but he declined to provide any details.
Feith said people have misconstrued the purpose of the small intelligence review team he assembled in October 2001.	Feith said critics have misrepresented the work of the special intelligence group he set up in October 2001.
Also in the majority were Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices John Paul Stevens, Sandra Day O'Connor, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer.	Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices John Paul Stevens, Sandra Day OConnor, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer agreed with Souter.
Netanyahu and his advisers say the changes are necessary to permit Israel to compete successfully in the global marketplace and attract investment.	The government says the changes are necessary if Israel is to compete successfully in the global marketplace and attract investment.
But the Quartet is divided three-to-one, the United States against the rest, on the question of whether they should treat Arafat as the representative of the Palestinian people.	But quartet members are divided 3-1, the United States against the rest, on whether they should treat Arafat as the representative of the Palestinian people.
Kaichen's former landlord, Carol Halperin of Chappaqua, said Kaichen told her she volunteered at Ground Zero after the attack.	Kaichen's former landlord, Carol Halperin of Chappaqua, said Kaichen claimed to have volunteered at Ground Zero in the aftermath of the attack.
The American women, who are defending champions, will play in Philadelphia on Sept. 25 and conclude group competition in Columbus on Sept. 28.	The U.S. women, who are defending champions, will play on Sept. 25 in Philadelphia and conclude group competition on Sept. 28 in Columbus, Ohio.
When the bomb exploded at the Casa de España, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo.	At the Casa de Espaa, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo when a bomb went off.
I'm never going to forget this day.	I am never going to forget this throughout my life."
The Labor Day race for Fontana has gained momentum since the series visited the Speedway for the Auto Club California 500 last April.	The push to schedule a Labor Day race at California Speedway has gained momentum since the series visited the race track for the Auto Club California 500 in April.
To date, 152 communities and the legislatures of Alaska, Hawaii and Vermont have approved resolutions condemning the act.	About 150 local governments, including those of Carrboro, Alaska, Hawaii and Vermont, have approved similar resolutions.
The warning was the most serious the 15-nation bloc has sent Iran since they began negotiating a trade and cooperation agreement late last year.	It would be most serious warning since the 15-nation bloc has sent Iran since they began negotiating a trade and cooperation agreement late last year.
London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters: "We condemn this raid, which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable."	"We condemn this raid which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable," London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters by telephone.
That comment undercut his remarks in an interview on Tuesday that the ECB had not exhausted its ammunition for rate cuts.	His comments diluted remarks reported in an interview on Tuesday saying the ECB had not exhausted its ammunition for rate cuts.
In two weeks, he'll probably send out Peace Rules in the Preakness.	Frankel said Peace Rules will run in the Preakness Stakes on May 17.
On Friday, the U.S. Department of Labour reported that the U.S. economy shed another 48,000 jobs in April, while the jobless rate jumped to 6 per cent.	Those numbers showed the U.S. economy shed another 48,000 jobs in April, while the jobless rate jumped to 6 per cent.
At a press conference Thursday, the group claimed it had obtained 1.1 million signatures on petitions opposing the recall, although the petitions have no legal effect.	Opponents said they had 1.1 million signatures on petitions opposing the recall, though those petitions would have no legal effect.
A fifth member of the "Lackawanna Six," young Yemeni-American men accused of training at an al-Qaida terrorist camp, pleaded guilty Monday to supporting terrorism.	A fifth member of an alleged terrorist sleeper cell in a Buffalo suburb pleaded guilty Monday to supporting terrorism.
The U.S. State Department travel warning said the threat to aircraft by terrorists using shoulder-fired missiles continues in Kenya and includes Nairobi.	"The threat to aircraft by terrorists using shoulder-fired missiles continues in Kenya, including Nairobi," it said.
Lawyers and others familiar with the federal investigation say it remains focused on Campbell, though prosecutors declined to discuss the probe.	While federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation, lawyers and others familiar with it say it remains focused on Campbell.
Wal-Mart, the nation's largest private employer, has expanded its anti-discrimination policy to protect gay and lesbian employees, company officials said Tuesday.	Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the nation's largest private employer, will now include gays and lesbians in its anti-discrimination policy, company officials said Wednesday.
The first of those discussions is expected to get under way in the next three to five months.	We hope to have the first of these discussions within the next three to five months."
The support will come as a free software upgrade called WebVPN for current customers that have support contracts.	The upgrade will be available as a free download for current customers with SmarNet support in January 2004.
A bill that would have fully legalized marijuana for medical purposes in Connecticut was narrowly defeated in the House of Representatives on Wednesday.	A move to legalize marijuana for medical use was defeated yesterday in the state House of Representatives, 79-64.
Terri Schiavo, 39, suffered severe brain damage following a heart attack 13 years ago.	She suffered severe brain damage following a heart attack in 1990.
"If they want to replace 11i with PeopleSoft, now that would make sense."	To replace Oracle 11.9 with PeopleSoft--that would be a move that makes sense."
Simon shares Tuesday closed up 42 cents, or about 1 percent, at $39.45 on the New York Stock Exchange.	Simon Property's shares rose 42 cents to $39.45 at the close of New York Stock Exchange trading Tuesday.
Anhalt said children typically treat a 20-ounce soda bottle as one serving, while it actually contains 2 1/2 servings.	For example, Anhalt said, children typically treat a 20-ounce soda bottle as one serving, although it actually contains 2 ½ 8-ounce servings.
Sabri Yakou, an Iraqi native who is a legal U.S. resident, appeared before a federal magistrate yesterday on charges of violating U.S. arms-control laws.	The elder Yakou, an Iraqi native who is a legal U.S. resident, appeared before a federal magistrate Wednesday on charges of violating U.S. arms control laws.
That fire devastated timber on the reservation, charred 469,000 acres and destroyed 491 homes in surrounding communities.	That fire devastated the reservation, a nearby national forest and several communities, burning 469,000 acres and destroying 491 homes.
Sliding down the ice, Moriarty and Carella hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.	Sliding down the embankment, the two rescuers hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
Waksal has pleaded guilty to securities fraud and is to be sentenced next week.	Waksal pleaded guilty to insider trading charges last year, and he is scheduled to be sentenced June 10.
But skeptics are concerned about the ease with which vendors can use these hardware-based security features to set digital rights management policies.	But skeptics are concerned about the ease at which these hardware-based security features could be used to set digital rights management policies by vendors.
Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act.	In a news release Thursday, Strayhorn said this was the first time a comptroller rejected a budget.
The company added, "until more facts are presented, Lindows.com will not take a position as to the validity of the claims presented by either side."	"Until more facts are presented, Lindows.com will not take a position as to the validity of the claims presented by either side," Lindows said in a statement.
U.S. Wireless restated its financial results when fraud was uncovered, increasing its fiscal year 2000 loss to $17 million from $11 million.	After the fraud was discovered, San Ramon-based U.S. Wireless restated its financial results, increasing its fiscal year 2000 loss from $11.4 million to $17.7 million.
"I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply," said Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase.	Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase, said "I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply."
Dotson was arrested July 21 after calling 911, saying he needed help because he was hearing voices, authorities said.	Authorities picked up Dotson on July 21 after he called 911, saying he needed help because he was hearing voices, authorities said.
After his retirement, Foley served as assistant secretary of energy for defense programs under President Ronald Reagan.	After retiring, he was appointed assistant secretary of energy for defense programs by then-President Ronald Reagan in 1985.
Still, the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product, Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said.	But Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" by regulators might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product.
According to Tuesday's report, consumers' assessment of current conditions was less favourable than a month earlier.	Consumers' assessment of current conditions was less favorable than last month.
Barbini said the union may reach a compromise with the United States but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry successfully fought here.	Barbini said the EU may reach a compromise but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry has resisted.
"It seems clear the climate is changing," he said, asked to explain the flooding that keeps ravaging the southeast.	"It seems clear the climate is changing," he said when asked to explain flooding that has ravaged this part of southeast France two years in succession.
In September, Hewlett-Packard signed a development and marketing deal with the company.	Four months later it signed a joint marketing agreement with Hewlett-Packard Co.
Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct. 1 could face fines of up to $11,000 per call.	Under the law, telemarketers who call numbers on the list can be fined up to $11,000 for each violation.
AFTRA members approved the merger by a vote of 75.88% to 24.12%.	AFTRA, on the other hand, approved the merger by a whopping 75 percent.
Two of them are on an initial list of six detainees who could be tried by the military tribunal.	Begg and Abbasi feature on an initial list of six detainees who could be tried by the military tribunal.
The dead cavalry have been honored for more than a century with a hilltop granite obelisk and white headstones.	The dead cavalrymen are honored with a hilltop granite obelisk and white headstones.
Under the new pricing scheme, Universal would lower its wholesale price on a CD to $9.09 from $12.02.	The company said it would cut the wholesale price of most top-line CDs to $9.09 from $12.02.
They boy's father, Terrance Cottrell Sr., 33, said yesterday he wants everyone involved in his son's death to be held responsible.	Terrance's father, Terrance Cottrell Sr., told the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel on Monday that he wants everyone involved in his son's death to be held responsible.
The two companies said PowderJect's strong U.S. position would complement Chiron's European presence.	PowderJect's strong U.S. position will complement Chiron's European presence, analysts said.
Higher courts have ruled that the tablets broke the constitutional separation of church and state.	The federal courts have ruled that the monument violates the constitutional ban against state-established religion.
It represents an important opportunity to put a halt to a national effort aimed at removing any religious phrase or reference from our culture."	"This case represents an important opportunity to put a halt to a national effort aimed at removing any religious phrase or reference from our culture," Sekulow said.
Started on Christmas Day in 1931, the Met's matinee broadcasts have introduced opera to millions of people around the world.	Started on Christmas Day in 1931 with Humperdinck's "Hansel and Gretel," the Met matinee broadcasts have introduced opera to millions of people around the world.
Guidant said it will continue to ship the product and provide support to doctors and patients through October 2003.	Guidant officials said Monday that Menlo Park, Calif.-based Endovascular would continue to ship the device and provide support to patients until October.
Security experts are warning that a new mass-mailing worm is spreading widely across the Internet, sometimes posing as e-mail from the Microsoft founder.	A new worm has been spreading rapidly across the Internet, sometimes pretending to be an e-mail from Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates, antivirus vendors said Monday.
Campaign officials said the moves may have been a source of some friction with Fowler.	Aides to the general said Mr. Segal's arrival could have been the source of friction with Mr. Fowler.
Troubled Devil Rays prospect Josh Hamilton's promising future is in doubt after an announcement Monday he will miss the season because of unspecified personal problems.	Troubled Devil Rays prospect Josh Hamilton's promising future is in doubt after the Devil Rays announced Monday night that he will miss the season because of unspecified personal problems.
He arrives later this week on the first state visit by a US President.	Mr Bush arrives on Tuesday on the first state visit by an American President.
The 2 1/2 -ton probe will plunge into the thick Jovian atmosphere today at 3:49 p.m. Eastern time, disintegrating moments later from the friction generated by its 108,000-mph free-fall.	The 2 1/2-ton probe will plunge into the thick Jovian atmosphere today at 1:49 p.m. MDT, disintegrating moments later from the friction generated by its 108,000 mph free-fall.
Sen. Michael Crapo, R-Idaho, chairman of the subcommittee that will consider the nomination, is a longtime friend.	And Sen. Michael Crapo, R-Idaho, chairman of the subcommittee that first will take up the nomination, is a longtime friend of Kempthorne's.
If Senator Clinton does decide to run in 2008, she cannot announce her candidacy before 2006, which is when she faces re-election for the Senate.	If Mrs Clinton does decide to contest the 2008 election, she cannot announce her candidacy before 2006, which is when she faces re-election for the Senate.
People who have opposed these actions throughout are now trying to find fresh reasons to say this wasn't the right thing to do."	"What is happening here is that people who have opposed this action throughout are trying to find fresh reasons why it was not the right thing to do."
Six Democrats are vying to succeed Jacques and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.	Six Democrats and two Republicans are running for her seat and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
"Good cause has been clearly shown that such change of venue is necessary to ensure a fair and impartial trial," Prince William County Circuit Judge LeRoy Millette Jr. wrote.	Circuit Judge LeRoy Millette said it "has been clearly shown that such a change of venue is necessary to ensure a fair and impartial trial."
EnCana also reaffirmed its forecast of 10 per cent internal sales growth in 2003 and 2004.	Looking ahead the company confirmed its forecast of 10 per cent internal sales growth in 2003 and 2004.
"It still remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short or long lived," he said.	"It remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short- or long-lived," said James Sprayregen, UAL bankruptcy attorney, in court.
Chavez said investigators feel confident they've got "at least one of the fires resolved in that regard."	Albuquerque Mayor Martin Chavez said investigators felt confident that with the arrests they had "at least one of the fires resolved."
"We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment," Daschle wrote.	"We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight," Daschle of South Dakota wrote the Republican president.
Agriculture Secretary Luis Lorenzo told Reuters there was no damage to the vital rice crop as harvesting had just finished.	Agriculture Secretary Luis Lorenzo said there was no damage to the vital rice crop as the harvest had ended.
Since it expanded its shipments to the United States, Hulett has captured a significant share of the U.S. market.	Since Hulett dramatically expanded its shipments to the US in 2000, it has captured a significant share of the US market.
This is a good day for Americas farmers, said Sen. Charles Grassley, an Iowa Republican, in reaction to the administration announcement.	"This is a good day for America's farmers," said Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, in reaction to the administration announcement.
"He's made it plain that if we think we are facing a suicide bomber, we should shoot first and ask questions later," one senior officer said.	One senior officer said: "He's made it plain that if we think we are facing a suicide bomber, we should shoot first and ask questions later."
Tight media controls and the remote location of the northern village where the fighting broke out made it impossible to confirm what happened.	Tight media controls and the remote location of the clash made it impossible to confirm what happened.
Several shots rang out in the darkness, but only one gator had been killed by 11 p.m.	Several shots rang out Wednesday night, but no gators were killed then.
Sales of $21.6 billion, up 10 percent from $19.7 billion a year ago, were ahead of Wall Street's estimate of $21.4 billion.	Microsoft posted sales of $8.1 billion, up from $7.3 billion a year ago and ahead of analysts' estimates of $7.9 billion.
Dr. Sutherland, 65, was a co-founder of Evans & Sutherland, an early maker of high-performance computers.	Sutherland is the 65-year-old computing pioneer who co-founded Evans & Sutherland, which made high-performance graphics computers.
The bill says that a woman who undergoes such an abortion couldn't be prosecuted.	A woman who underwent such an abortion could not be prosecuted under the bill.
Unless their parents submit written objections, students, regardless of citizenship status, would be required to participate in the pledges and the minute of silence.	Unless their parents submitted a written objection, students, regardless of citizenship status, would be required to participate in the pledges and moment of silence.
Scott McClellan, a White House spokesman, called the decision "troubling and flawed."	White House spokesman Scott McClellan called the Padilla ruling "troubling and flawed.
Team President Ken Sawyer told the Pittsburgh Post Gazette Sunday that Lemieux has not spoken to him about selling his interest in the Penguins or about playing for another team.	Team President Ken Sawyer said yesterday that Lemieux has not spoken to him about selling his interest in the Penguins or about playing for another team.
"Until this site was reported, the earliest site in Bering land-bridge area was dated at about 11,000 years ago," Grayson said.	"Until this site was reported, the earliest site in the Bering land bridge area was dated at about 11,000 years ago."
Stanford (51-17) and Rice (57-12) will play for the national championship tonight.	Rice (57-12) and Stanford (51-17) will meet in a winner-take-all matchup at 6:05 p.m. Monday.
Grassley and Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.	Grassley and Baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan.
An outspoken opponent of terrorism, Said's key political allies were Palestinian intellectuals and civic leaders outside the Arafat-dominated PLO and Palestinian Authority.	An outspoken opponent of terrorism, Professor Said's principal political allies were among the Palestinian intellectuals and civic leaders who have stood aside from the Arafat-dominated PLO and Palestinian Authority.
"In fact, I was physically sick several times at this stage, because he looked so desperate," she said.	Speaking about the day before he was found dead, she said: "I was physically sick several times at this stage because he looked so desperate.
The lawyer for Hollins Jr., Thomas Royce, has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated E2.	Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, repeatedly has said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.
Proposition 34, a campaign financing initiative that voters passed in 2000, limits fund raising and spending by gubernatorial candidates.	Proposition 34, a campaign financing initiative passed by the voters in 2000, limits fund-raising and spending by candidates for governor.
The 90-minute exchange in Boston took place at a debate focusing on the issues of interest to young people.	The 90-minute exchange took place at a debate, focusing on the issues of interest to young people, broadcast live from Faneuil Hall in Boston.
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) asked Congress today for additional authority to fight unwanted Internet spam, which now accounts for up to half of all e-mail traffic.	The Federal Trade Commission asked Congress yesterday for broader powers to attack the rapidly growing problem of spam, which new studies show accounts for half of all e-mail traffic.
The companies, Chiron and Aventis Pasteur, together made about 80 million doses of the injected vaccine, which ordinarily would have been enough to meet U.S. demand.	Chiron and Aventis Pasteur together made about 80 million doses, ordinarily enough for U.S. demand, The Associated Press reported.
The combined companies' commercial and personal lines will be consolidated under the Travelers brand and will be based in Hartford, Conn., Travelers' current headquarters.	The combined company's commercial lines and personal lines business will be consolidated under the Travelers brand and based in Hartford, Connecticut.
The technology-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> dipped 6.62 points, or 0.34 percent, to 1,917.67.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was off 11.64 points, or 0.60 percent, at 1,912.65.
A Merrill Lynch spokesman said "we are pleased with the judge's decision."	"We are very pleased with the judge's decision," Merrill said yesterday.
That fire devastated timber on the reservation, while charring 469,000 acres and destroying 491 homes in surrounding communities.	That fire devastated the reservation, a nearby national forest and several communities, burning 469,000 acres and destroying 491 homes.
The number of reported rapes rose by 4 percent and the number of murders grew by 0.8 percent, the FBI said.	Still, the FBI said in the report released Monday, the number of reported rapes rose by 4 percent and the number of murders grew by 0.8 percent.
If he is successful in reaching a cease-fire, known as a "hudna," Abbas will hold more talks with Sharon, their third one-on-one meeting in a month.	If he is successful in reaching a so-called "hudna," he will hold more talks with Sharon, their third one-on-one in a month.
Tail wagging, Abbey trotted on stage with Conway before a crowd of more than 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference at the Anaheim Convention Center.	On Monday, Abbey trotted on stage, tail wagging, with Conway before a crowd of 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference.
It warned that London, along with several other foreign cities, was facing an increasing threat of a suicide bomb attack.	It warned that London, among a number of other cities, was facing an increasing threat of a suicide bomb attack.
The launch coincides with the JavaOne developers' conference in San Francisco this week.	The news also comes in conjunction with Suns annual JavaOne developers conference in San Francisco.
The meeting was scheduled to end Wednesday night, with attendees approving resolutions that express the denomination's view on issues but that are not binding on churches.	On Wednesday, attendees will vote on resolutions that express the Southern Baptist view on issues, but are not binding on individual churches.
He cut his rating for XL shares to "neutral" from "buy," and said the shares "will not rebound quickly."	He cut his rating for XL shares from "buy" to "neutral" and said the shares would not "rebound quickly".
Igen's stock closed $4.70 or nearly 13.7 percent higher at $39.10 on the Nasdaq market.	The company's shares surged $4.70, or 13.7 percent, to $39.10 on the Nasdaq Stock Market yesterday.
"This has been a persistent problem that has not been solved," investigation board member Steven Wallace said.	"This was a persistent problem which has not been solved, mechanically and physically," said board member Steven Wallace.
Advanced Micro Devices said Fujitsu Siemens Computers is offering a high-end workstation based on AMD's Opteron 200 Series.	Fujitsu Siemens Computers on Tuesday made good on a promise to offer a workstation based on Advanced Micro Devices' Opteron processor.
It will take time to oust die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday.	Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday it will take time to locate die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq.
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida became one of the first in the nation Saturday to officially reject the national denomination's policies on homosexuality.	The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida voted Saturday to repudiate a decision by the denomination's national convention to confirm a gay man as bishop.
Ms Lanier's first heart tumour was removed from the upper part of her heart in 1997, returning in 1999, in 2001 and again this year.	Her first heart tumor was removed in 1997 in the upper part of her heart, but it returned in 1999, 2001, and again this year.
On May 22, 2002, a man walking his dog came across some of Levy's bones in Washington's Rock Creek Park.	On May 22, 2002, the first of Levy's weathered bones were found in Washington's Rock Creek Park.
Democrats now hope to increase the value of awards proposed by Hatch and to create a mechanism to ensure the fund remains solvent.	But he said labor wanted other senators to increase the value of awards proposed by Hatch and create a mechanism to ensure the fund remains solvent.
Both strain 121 and Pyrolobus belong to a branch on the tree of life known as the archaea.	Both Strain 121 and Pyrolobus fumarii are members of the unusual life domain known as Archaea.
These days, even death penalty proponents in the Legislature say they are solidly outnumbered by opponents.	These days, death-penalty backers in the legislature acknowledge that they are outnumbered.
At issue is the scholarship program that helps high-achieving students pay for studies in fields such as business or engineering, but not theology.	At issue in yesterday's case is a Washington state scholarship program that helps high-achieving students pay for studies in fields such as business or engineering, but not theology.
"We're making these commitments first and foremost because we think it's the right thing to do," company spokesman Michael Mudd said yesterday.	"We're making these commitments first and foremost because we think it's the right thing to do," said Michael Mudd, spokesman for the company.
He told FBI agents that he shot Dennehy after the player tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.	Carlton Dotson, Dennehy’s former teammate, reportedly told FBI agents he shot Dennehy after the player tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.
Ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise.	Ridge said that no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.
The agency said it would not release the name of the person involved because he is a minor.	The agency said it had no plans to release the name of the teenager involved because he was a minor.
The Bush administration blames Hussein loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops for the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks.	The Bush administration blames the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks on Saddam loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops.
"And the swagger of a president who says 'Bring 'em on' does not bring our troops peace or safety."	And the swagger of a president saying `bring `em on' will never bring peace," Kerry said.
One, Fort Carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, had been on his way home to attend his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania.	Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania.
Analysts spent yesterday running the red pen through the accounts and are expected to announce more cuts to their valuations.	Analysts spent yesterday running the red pen through the accounts and are expected to announce further cuts to the company's value.
The row intensified after Culture Minister Jean-Jacques Aillagon said the government would go ahead with planned cuts to unemployment benefits despite howls of protest from actors.	The move came after Culture Minister Jean-Jacques Aillagon announced the government would impose cuts to unemployment benefits despite howls of protest from actors.
From Florida to Alaska, thousands of revelers vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.	Thousands of revellers, celebrating the decision, vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.
The leader of Myanmar's National League for Democracy won a 1990 election by a landslide but was never allowed to govern.	Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy won a landslide election in 1990 but has never been allowed to govern.
The Foundation said telephone support would cost $39.95 per incident.	The group is also offering end user telephone support for $39.95 per incident.
It is the first major industrial plant for Leighton as project manager.	It is the first major industrial plant project that Leighton has managed.
The settlement taking effect this week was reached less than two months after O'Malley took the helm of the nation's fourth-largest archdiocese.	The $85 million agreement was reached in September, less than two months after Archbishop Sean O'Malley took over as leader of the nation's fourth-largest diocese.
But for a meaningful dialogue to begin, cross-border terrorism should end and terror infrastructure must be dismantled.	"But for a meaningful dialogue to begin, cross-border terrorism should end and its infrastructure should be dismantled."
The blast occurred at 5 a.m. in the capital's Al-Bayaa district, police said.	The 5 a.m. blast occurred in the city's Al Bayaa district.
The report finds that 6.5 percent of American adults were diagnosed with diabetes in 2002 compared with 5.1 percent in 1997.	In a special section on diabetes, the report notes that 6.5 percent of American adults were diagnosed with diabetes in 2002, compared to 5.1 percent in 1997.
The company has 30 days to respond to the charges before the FCC makes a final ruling.	AT&T has 30 days to respond to the charges before the F.C.C. issues a final order.
The study results were presented Tuesday at a meeting of the American Thoracic Society in Seattle, and will be published in this week's New England Journal of Medicine.	The study results were released at a meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and also will be published in tomorrow's issue of The New England Journal of Medicine.
He said he thought he had hit a dog or a cat, or someone had thrown a rock at his car, the police said.	The bishop told police he thought he had struck a dog or a cat or that someone had thrown a rock at his vehicle.
The defense cannot appeal Roush's ruling until after the trial.	Defense lawyers cannot appeal the ruling until after trial, in the appellate courts.
Lovett's father, Ron Lovett, issued a statement apologising for his son's behaviour.	The father, Ron Lovett, issued a statement through a family member Monday, apologizing for his son's behavior.
Former South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu said Sunday he did not see what "all the fuss" was over appointing a gay bishop, but urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate.	South Africa's Nobel laureate Archbishop Desmond Tutu says he does not understand all the fuss about appointing a gay bishop, but he has urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate.
"This sale is part of our efforts to simplify our Foodservice Products business and improve its cost structure," said Gary Costley, Multifoods chairman and chief executive.	"This sale is part of our efforts to simplify our Foodservice Products business and improve its cost structure," chairman and CEO Gary Costley said in a statement.
The study adds to the evidence that diet might affect a person's chances of developing the mind-robbing disease that affects 4 million Americans.	The research adds to the evidence that diet may affect a person's chances of developing the mind-robbing disease that afflicts more than four million North Americans.
"But they did not, as of the time of this particular tragic event, provide the security we had requested," Jordan said.	"But they did not, as of the time of this tragic event, provide the additional security we requested."
Voters in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, approved a proposal allowing same-sex couples - and also unmarried heterosexual couples - to officially register as domestic partners.	Voters in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, were asked to decide whether to allow same-sex couples - and also unmarried heterosexual couples - to officially register as domestic partners.
State air regulators and three automakers have settled a lawsuit challenging the nation's toughest auto emissions program, a spokesman for California's air board said Monday.	State air regulators and three automakers have agreed to settle a lawsuit challenging the nation's toughest auto emissions program, according to a spokesman for California's air board.
Sales -- a figure watched closely as a barometer of health -- rose 5 percent instead of falling as many industry experts predicted.	It also disclosed that sales -- a figure closely watched by analysts as a barometer of its health -- were significantly higher than industry experts expected.
The third case involved contracts signed by Sierra Pacific Resources SRP.N utility Nevada Power Co. and two municipal utilities.	A separate case seeking to renegotiate contracts was filed by Sierra Pacific Resources SRP.N utility Nevada Power Co. and two municipal utilities.
The work appears in the Oct. 22/29 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.	The study appears in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association (news - web sites).
The significant highs Beijing chalked up before APEC was China's first space mission on October 15.	One of the significant highs Beijing chalked up before APEC was Chinas first space mission on Oct 15.
ABC broadcast a special "World News Tonight" report out of Washington anchored by Ted Koppel.	Partly as a result, ABC chose to broadcast its special report out of Washington with Ted Koppel as anchor.
Microsoft has identified the freely distributed Linux software as one of the biggest threats to its sales.	The company has publicly identified Linux as one of its biggest competitive threats.
It also said it would reconsider its support for the 2003 show, which took place last month.	The company added that it would reevaluate its commitment to the remaining New York show, which took place last month.
If no candidate wins 50 percent plus one in today's election, the top two will meet in a runoff June 3.	If no candidate wins more than 50 percent of the vote, the top two vote-getters are headed to a runoff on June 3.
The bomb exploded in Helmand province aboard a bus en route to the provincial capital, Lashkar Gah, according to news agency reports.	The bomb exploded in Helmand Province aboard a bus headed for the provincial capital, Lashkar Gah, according to wire reports.
The UMass president has acknowledged talking to him once since he went on the lam in 1995, just before federal indictments were handed down.	The UMass president, who testified before a congressional committee last week, has acknowledged talking to him once since he went on the lam in 1995.
Air Commodore Pietsch said a 9-11 style aircraft suicide attack was the key concern.	Air Commodore Dave Pietsch said the main concern was a September 11-style aircraft suicide attack.
"I don't even worry about it anymore," he said.	"I don't even worry about that anymore," the 38-year-old center fielder said.
The report was sponsored by the Computer & Communications Industry Association (CCIA).	The paper was released by the Computer and Communications Industry Association in Washington.
"While the rest of America grapples with an economic downturn, recession has become a permanent way of life for much of rural America," Edwards said in a speech.	"While the rest of America grapples with an economic downturn, recession has become a permanent way of life for much of rural America."
"First, the target was not clear . . . we should have authentic evidence of the target that they really hate Islam," he said.	In jihad, the target must be clear, meaning that we should have authentic evidence of the target that they really hate Islam," Imron said.
Sharpton nearly jumped out of his chair, saying, "That sounds more like Stonewall Jackson than Jesse Jackson.	"That sounds more like Stonewall Jackson than Reverend (Jesse) Jackson," he retorted.
Dogs, he said, are second only to humans in the thoroughness of medical understanding and research.	He said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research.
The Justice Department and the Federal Communications Commission have the final say.	But the deal must get approval from the Federal Communications Commission and the Justice Department's antitrust division.
"I really liked him and I still do," Cohen Alon told the Herald yesterday.	And I really liked him, and I still do.
Hidalgo County Judge Ramon Garcia remembers how he and his friends used to have to sneak around the school yard to speak Spanish.	Hidalgo County Judge Ramon Garcia says when he was growing up, he wasn't allowed to speak Spanish at school.
Microsoft will pay Time Warner AOL $750 million to settle an outstanding antitrust suit brought by Time Warner's Netscape division.	Microsoft on Thursday agreed to pay AOL Time Warner $750 million to settle AOL Time Warner's private monopoly lawsuit against Microsoft.
Kollar-Kotelly has scheduled another antitrust settlement compliance hearing for January.	The judge scheduled another oversight hearing for late January.
UN armored personnel carriers trained machine guns on Bunia's main street but did not open fire.	Uruguayan armoured personnel carriers trained mounted machine guns down Bunia's empty main street, but they were under orders not to open fire.
National Breast Cancer Centre chief executive Professor Christine Ewan said it was too early to quantify the risk to women.	National Breast Cancer Centre head Professor Christine Ewan said there was no need for panic.
In version 4.1, a new web-based Distributed Authoring and Versioning interface speeds up the flow of information between workstations and the server.	Openexchange Server 4.1 includes a web-based distributed authoring and versioning (WebDAV) interface and Outlook connector to speed information flows.
At midnight, Erika was about 90 miles east of Brownsville and moving toward the west at about 20 mph, with sustained winds near 70 mph.	Late Friday evening, forecasters said Erika was 130 miles east of Brownsville and tracking due west at 21 mph with sustained winds of about 70 mph.
Antonio Monteiro de Castro, 58, currently director of the group’s Latin America & Caribbean operations, will become chief operating officer from the same date.	BAT also said Antonio Monteiro de Castro, director for Latin America and the Caribbean, would become chief operating officer on January 1, 2004.
The government began on September 1 to add the word "Taiwan" in English to the cover of new passport, a decision slammed by Beijing.	The government recently added the word 'Taiwan' in English to the cover of its new passports, a move slammed by Beijing.
Pollack said yesterday the plaintiffs failed to show that Merrill and Blodget directly caused their losses.	Basically, the plaintiffs did not show that omissions in Merrill's research caused the claimed losses.
The exam is a requirement for graduation, but Mills reversed course after an estimated 60 percent of students statewide failed it.	The Regents math exam is required for graduation, but Mills reversed course after an estimated 63 percent of students statewide failed the exam.
Ms O'Hare will take time off from studying history at New York University to be in Australia during October for national breast cancer awareness week.	Ms O'Hare, who has taken time out from studying history at New York University, will be in Australia throughout October in which is national breast cancer awareness week.
Hurricane Claudette moved toward the Texas coast on Tuesday and was expected to strengthen before making landfall later in the day, forecasters said.	The US National Hurricane Center said the hurricane was heading toward the Texas coast and could strengthen before it hits land later in the day.
This led to the recovery of the 270-kilogram Cancuen altar, announced on Wednesday by the Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society.	This led last month to the recovery of the 600-pound Cancun altar, Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society announced Wednesday.
"They were tossed around like feathers," Gordon said.	"The concrete barriers (between lanes) were being tossed around like feathers."
BAT BATS.L also said Managing Director Paul Adams would step up to chief executive from January 1, 2004, to ease the transition.	As part of the changes BAT said managing director, Paul Adams, 50, would become chief executive from January 1.
"Close co-operation between law-enforcement agencies and intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism," Mr Howard said.	Close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence services was at the heart of the fight against terrorism, he said.
Stout previously worked for General Electric subsidiary GE Capital Service Inc., where he was vice president and chief technology and information officer.	Stout comes to Sprint from GE Capital, where he served as chief technology and information officer.
Only one test, the effect on financial services, was deemed to be passed.	Only the positive effect on the financial services industry was assured, he said.
Knight agreed to a two-year, $2.38 million contract that included a $300,000 signing bonus.	ESPN reported that Knight's two-year deal is worth $2.38 million, including a $300,000 signing bonus.
The prosecutor said the company knowingly underestimated to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) the number of safety complaints involving the device.	They said the company knowingly underestimated to the FDA the number of safety complaints involving the device.
"We're going to do everything in our power to get money back to ratepayers as quickly as possible," Kennedy said.	"There's very strong interest in getting money back to the ratepayers as quickly as possible," Commissioner Susan Kennedy said.
Officials said it will take lengthy testing to determine if all anthrax spores have been killed.	Still, officials said it will take several more months of testing to determine whether the anthrax spores have been successfully killed.
EDS said that it was "responding to a subpoena and providing documents and information to the SEC".	EDS is "in the process of responding to a subpoena and providing documents and information to the SEC," the company said.
It is not clear whether the apology was written on the orders of Mr Blair or at Mr Campbell's initiative.	It is not clear whether the apology to Sir Richard - known as "C" - was written on the orders of the Prime Minister or on Mr Campbell's own initiative.
Trailing Arsenal by eight points two months ago, United rallied from its worst start since 1989 with an unbeaten streak stretching back to Dec. 26.	Trailing the Londoners by eight points two months ago, United rallied from its worst league start since 1989 with an unbeaten streak starting Dec. 26.
Deputies said the incident began at 9:40 a.m. when deputies received a phone call from a person requesting assistance regarding a domestic disturbance at 54346 Avenida Velasco.	The incident began at 9:40 a.m. when deputies said they received a phone call requesting assistance with a domestic disturbance at the home in the 54-300 block of Avenida Velasco.
The Russell 2000 index, the barometer of smaller company stocks, fell 2.52 to 410.23.	The Russell 2000 index, which tracks smaller company stocks, fell 1.40, or 0.3 percent, to 408.83.
Shares of Halliburton fell 71 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $21.59 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange.	Halliburton shares fell 54 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $21.76 a share in midday New York Stock Exchange trade.
He also recruited others to participate in the scheme by convincing them to receive fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered for himself.	He also recruited other people to take delivery of fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered.
Goldman Sachs said: "We believe this is the right decision for the company, for its employees and for its creditors."	"We believe this is the right decision for the company (Jinro), for its employees and for its creditors," it said.
Allegiant shares rose $4, or $17.2 percent, to $27.43 in Thursday morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Allegiant's stock closed Wednesday at $23.40, up 64 cents, in trading on the Nasdaq market.
Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, many arriving passengers in Atlanta will be fingerprinted and photographed.	Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, inspectors will be fingerprinting and photographing many foreign passengers arriving in Atlanta.
In one scene from the film's final script, Reagan says of AIDS patients, "They that live in sin shall die in sin."	In one scene the film showed Mr Reagan's character saying of Aids patients: "They that live in sin shall die in sin."
The pill, which they call the "polypill," would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering drug, three blood pressure-lowering drugs at half the standard dose and folic acid.	The ingredients of such a polypill would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering statin, three blood pressure-lowering agents in half dose, and folic acid.
Laotian officials yesterday called on France, the former colonial power, to help the country find an alternative investor to EdF.	Lao officials on Friday called on France, its former colonial ruler, to help the country find an alternative investor to replace EdF.
Loan losses, investment writedowns and legal costs led to the largest-ever loss for a European bank last year.	Loan losses, investment writedowns and legal costs led to the loss last year, the largest ever for a European bank.
Handspring's shareholders will receive 0.09 Palm shares (and no shares of PalmSource) for each share of Handspring common stock they own.	The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm--and no shares of PalmSource--for each share of Handspring common stock.
"It was a final test before delivering the missile to the armed forces.	State radio said it was the last test before the missile was delivered to the armed forces.
The samples would be used to find genes involved in diseases with particularly high rates among blacks like hypertension and diabetes.	The samples would be used to find genes involved in diseases that have a particularly high incidence among African-Americans, such as hypertension and diabetes.
To examine the uranium enrichment program -- ElBaradei's priority -- the IAEA says it must inspect facilities that are not officially declared as nuclear sites.	However, to verify Iran's claims about its controversial uranium-enrichment program, the IAEA says it must inspect facilities that are not officially declared as nuclear sites.
She said her son followed his father and grandfather into the military.	He followed his father and grandfather into the military, his mother said.
Yesterday, Mr. Cuomo's lawyer, Harriet Newman Cohen, read a statement over the phone: "Mr. Cuomo was betrayed and saddened by his wife's conduct during their marriage.	Cuomo's lawyer, Harriet Newman Cohen, said in a statement that he "was betrayed and saddened by his wife's conduct during their marriage."
"I don't think he's been that good from the get-go," said Limbaugh.	This is what Limbaugh actually said about McNabb: "I don't think he's been that good from the get-go.
"To be wedged between these two monsters and hold as well as we did makes it that much better," said Rory Bruer, Sony head of distribution.	"To be wedged between these two monsters and hold as well as we did makes it that much better."
"This is my sweatshirt which my brother Jaafar used to borrow from me all the time," said Mekki.	One villager, Ali Mekki, said: "This is my sweatshirt which my brother Jaafar used to borrow from me all the time."
The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center, where he later died, the police said.	The victim, who was not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital where he was pronounced dead.
Thursday, U.S. District Judge Florence-Marie Cooper will consider the second motion.	U.S. District Judge Florence-Marie Cooper is to consider the motions Thursday.
The supercomputer is actually an eServer and storage system with a peak speed of 7.3 trillion calculations per second.	It's a cluster of 44 IBM servers with a peak speed of 7.3 trillion calculations per second.
Agriculture Secretary Luis Lorenzo told Reuters there was no damage to the rice crop as harvesting had just finished.	Agriculture Secretary Luis Lorenzo said there was no damage to the vital rice crop as the harvest had ended.
"The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security," said the administration, part of the Homeland Security Department.	"The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security," they said.
Expenses are expected to be approximately $2.3 billion, at the high end of the previous expectation of $2.2-to-$2.3 billion.	Spending on research and development is expected to be $4.4 billion for the year, compared with the previous expectation of $4.3 billion.
America has accused Syria of not doing enough to prevent foreign fighters infiltrating through its eastern border into Iraq to attack U.S.-led coalition forces.	US officials accuse regional states, particularly Syria, of not doing enough to prevent foreign fighters from entering Iraq to attack US-led coalition forces.
Elwin Hermanson and the SaskParty would put the future of our Crown corporations — and our economy — at risk,” the platform reads.	Elwin Hermanson and the Sask. Party would put the future of our Crown corporations - and our economy - at risk."
They also showed the greatest increase in early rapid head growth compared with those children with milder forms of the disorder.	Those children later diagnosed with the most severe autism showed the greatest increase in early rapid head growth compared to those children with milder forms of the disorder.
Site Finder has been visited 65 million times since its introduction, Galvin said.	Through Sunday, Sept. 21, Site Finder has been visited over 65 million times by Internet users.
Djerejian said that in the last month Syria has taken steps in response to the pressure, such as relocating the militant group offices out of Damascus.	Mr Djerejian said that in the past month Syria had taken some steps in response to the pressure, such as moving the militant group offices out of Damascus.
Bryant previously said that hike had a greater impact on demand than officials expected.	Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected.
Agrawal said her research neither suggests nor indicates PCOS causes lesbianism, only that PCOS is more prevalent in lesbian women.	She continued: "Our research neither suggests nor indicates that PCO/PCOS causes lesbianism, only that PCO/PCOS is more prevalent in lesbian women.
Writing for the minority, Justice John Paul Stevens said the interrogation was akin to "an attempt to obtain an involuntary confession from a prisoner by torturous methods."	Justice John Paul Stevens compared the interrogation to "an attempt to obtain an involuntary confession from a prisoner by torturous methods."
The Memory Stick Pro Duo card will be theoretically able to transfer data at a rate of up to 20 megabytes per second under optimal conditions, according to Sony.	It will theoretically be able to transfer data at a rate of up to 20 megabytes per second under optimal conditions, according to Sony.
Westfield also will continue discussions over the other co-owned centres, such as Knox City in Melbourne, where Deutsche Bank owns a 50 per cent stake.	Westfield also will continue discussions about the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne, half-owned by Deutsche Bank.
These are real crimes that hurt a lot of people.	"These are real crimes that disrupt the lives of real people," Smith said.
Her lawyer Donald Levine told The Telegraph she had been offered $US250,000 to tell her story exclusively to Australian TV.	Mr Levine said she had been offered $400,000 to tell her story to an Australian TV network.
While rising consumer confidence is welcomed, it is not a component of gross domestic product, whereas new home sales are.	While news on consumer confidence rising is welcomed, it is not a factor in determining gross domestic product whereas new home sales do.
Historians believe it was carrying 9 tons of gold coins aimed at buying the loyalty of the Duke of Savoy, a potential ally in southeastern France.	Historians believe that the 157-foot warship was carrying 9 tons of gold coins to buy the loyalty of the Duke of Savoy, a potential ally in southeastern France.
Both markets rallied this past week on bets the Fed will lower rates at its next meetings on June 24-25.	Both markets rallied last week on bets the Fed will lower rates at its next meeting June 24 and 25.
Doctors have speculated that the body’s own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.	Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.
The Oct. 9 hearing date is two days after the Lakers open their pre-season with two games in Hawaii.	Bryant's hearing date falls two days after the Lakers open the preseason with two games in Hawaii.
A police spokesman confirmed: "Greater Manchester Police, with the support of the German authorities and the FBI, have arrested Toby Studabaker in Frankfurt, Germany."	"Greater Manchester Police, with the support of German authorities and the Federal Bureau of Investigation have now arrested Toby Studabaker in Frankfurt, Germany," a police spokeswoman said.
US military officials say rotor wash from the helicopter might have blown down the banner.	US officials said downward "rotor wash" generated by the hovering helicopter stripped the flag from the tower.
The final report on the investigation could take as long as a year, Engleman said at a news briefing.	Engleman said the final report on the investigation could take as long as a year.
Doctors had planned to deliver him two weeks early, on or around November 14.	A Caesarean had originally been planned in mid- November, two weeks early.
The study indicated that men who ejaculated more than five times a week were a third less likely to develop prostate cancer.	Those who ejaculated more than five times a week were a third less likely to develop serious prostate cancer in later life.
The Portuguese weather service said Europe's heatwave was caused by a mass of hot, dry air moving from the southeast.	The heatwave was due to a mass of hot, dry air from the southeast, said Mario Almeida of Portugal's weather service.
The other 24 members are split between representatives of the securities industry and so-called "public" board members.	Of the 24 directors who are not exchange executives, half are representatives of the securities industry and half are designated public members.
Mr Alibek said: "Our outcomes are very encouraging.	"Our outcomes are very encouraging," George Mason researcher Ken Alibek said.
A spokesman said: "Since November, we have co-operated fully with the police.	It added it had "co-operated fully" with police since November.
It indicates, Roberts said, "that terrorists really don't care who they attack.	"It also indicates the terrorists really don't care who they attack."
The traditional Mediterranean diet puts the emphasis on vegetables, legumes, fruits, nuts, cereals and olive oil.	The traditional Mediterranean diet contains many components, including a high intake of fruits and vegetables, nuts and cereals, and olive oil.
She and her husband left behind two sons: Robert, who was six, and Michael, who was 10.	The couple left behind two boys, Robert, 6, and Michael, 10.
Ultimately, she will earn more than the $900,000 that Kenny Perry got for winning the PGA Tour event.	But she'll earn more than the $900000 (about R7.5-million) Kenny Perry got for winning.
The rapper's lawyer, Mark Gann, didn't return calls for comment.	The 27-year-old rapper's attorney in the civil matter, Mark Gann, did not return calls for comment.
That triggered a 47-hour police standoff that inconvenienced thousands of commuters, as traffic backed up in Downtown Washington and northern Virginia.	His protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
The news service reports wages among all nongovernment workers rose an average 2.7 percent from July 2002 through June 2003, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.	According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, wages among all nongovernment workers rose an average 2.7 percent from July 2002 through June 2003.
The unemployment rate inched up one-tenth of a percentage point from April's 6 percent to its highest since July 1994.	The unemployment rate rose a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1%, the highest level since July 1994.
"She was very affectionate with them," said Blossom Medley, who also looked after the children.	"She loved them so much," added Blossom Medley, who also looked after Johnson's foster kids.
By March 2003, 67 percent of broadband users connected using cable modems, compared with 28 percent using DSL.	In March 2002, 63 percent of home broadband users connected via cable modem; 34 percent used a DSL service.
"Australians are very upset and angry by what took place . . . upset because innocent people lost their lives," he said.	Asked how his nation felt, he replied: "Australians are very upset and angry by what took place . . . upset because innocent people lost their lives."
From Justin to Kelly, a romance starring American Idol winner Kelly Clarkson and runnerup Justin Guarini, opened at No. 11 with $2.9-million.	"From Justin to Kelly," a romance starring "American Idol" winner Kelly Clarkson and runner-up Justin Guarini, bombed with just $2.9 million, opening at No. 11.
Veritas will also expand its storage resource management (SRM) suite with the Precise StorageCentral software, focused on file and quota management in Windows environments.	The first product, StorageCentral, is entry-level storage resource management (SRM) software focused on file and quota management in Windows environments.
The new servers will run either Linux or the x86 version of Solaris, he said.	The servers can run Solaris x86 operating system or the standard Linux operating system.
A few miles further east is Tehuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.	A few miles west are the pyramids of Teotihuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.
Hundreds of people have signed petitions calling for Dr Kelly's resignation for his handling of allegedly sexually abusive priests.	Hundreds of people have signed petitions calling for Archbishop Thomas Kelly's resignation for his handling of the crisis.
Both devices implement the v1.2 standard's eSCO facility to provide the basis for new cordless telephony applications.	BlueCore3 also implements v1.2's eSCO facility to provide the basis for advanced cordless telephony applications for Bluetooth transmission.
The first time was in 1999, when Bashir replaced the former leader of JI, Abdullah Sungkar, who had died.	The first time in 1999 was when Bashir replaced JI's former leader, Abdullah Sungkar, who had died.
Former roommate and teammate Carlton Dotson, 21, was arrested and charged with murder July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him.	Dotson, 21, was arrested and charged on July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him.
Three other fires in or near the park were contained on Wednesday.	Two fires inside the park and one just outside the park were contained Wednesday afternoon.
The Vatican devised a mini-lift to allow the pope to get on and off helicopters.	The Vatican has devised a mini-lift to allow John Paul to board and descend from the helicopter without tackling stairs.
Mr. Suen said this evening, after the ruling, that Hong Kong's cabinet would meet "very soon" to decide whether to resume construction.	Michael Suen, the secretary for housing, planning and lands, said after the ruling that Hong Kong's cabinet would meet "very soon" to decide whether to resume construction.
Geraldine Andrews, the pastor's daughter-in-law, said Robinson recently took her daughter out of a mental health facility.	Geraldine Andrews, Reynolds' daughter-in-law and a friend of Wilson's family, said Robinson had recently taken Wilson out of a mental health facility.
Some psychiatrists, Dr. Lieberman among them, noted that other studies of S.S.R.I.'s in children had also failed to find large differences in effectiveness between the drugs and placebos.	Lieberman and other psychiatrists noted that other studies of SSRIs in children also have failed to find large differences in effectiveness between the drugs and placebos.
The CWA, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called that excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 a year.	The Communications Workers Union, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called the executive pay package excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 annually.
In Montana, tensions were high yesterday morning as officials prepared for what one official called an "ugly" forecast: more dry lightning and windstorms.	In Montana, tension was high Friday morning as officials prepared for what one official called an ``ugly'' forecast: more dry lightning and wind storms.
British Airways' New York-to-London runs will end in October.	British Airways plans to retire its seven Concordes at the end of October.
After posting $3 million bail, Jackson flew to Las Vegas, where he had been working on a video.	Since posting a $3 million bond, Jackson has been keeping a low profile in Las Vegas, where he had been filming a music video.
Still, analysts said they were disappointed by the company's 68 million pretax charge for weather-related and test failure costs on its Polar Tanker crude oil tanker program.	Analysts also said they were disappointed by the company's $68 million pre-tax charge for weather-related and overhead costs on its Polar Tanker crude oil tanker program.
In addition, UDDI will have to significantly be improved to handle those aspects of SOAs.	Even then, UDDI will have to be improved to handle those features.
In fresh bloodshed last night, four Palestinian militants were killed by an explosion in the Gaza Strip, Palestinian witnesses and medics said.	On Sunday, four Palestinian militants were killed by an explosion in the northern Gaza Strip.
Warden Gene Fischi said the two inmates broke a 12-by-18-inch cell window, threw a mattress to the ground, and shimmied down the makeshift rope to a second-story roof.	Jail warden Gene Fischi said said Selenski and Bolton broke their 12-inch-by-18-inch cell window, threw a mattress to the ground and shimmied down the rope to a second-story roof.
They described the abductor as a Hispanic man in his 30s or early 40s, 5-feet-2 to 5-feet-5, weighing about 160 pounds.	They described the intruder as being in his 30s to early 40s, from 5-feet-2 to 5-feet-5-inches tall, weighing about 160 pounds.
He said it was a movie "meant to inspire, not offend".	He said yesterday that the film is "meant to inspire, not offend."
Bush plans to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the new Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, in the Jordanian port of Aqaba on Wednesday.	On Wednesday next week, Mr Bush will meet Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and new Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas in Aqaba, Jordan.
Ultimately, however, Mrs Clinton decided she still loved her husband – although "as a wife, I wanted to wring Bill's neck".	She says she stayed in the marriage because she still loved him, although, "as a wife, I wanted to wring Bill's neck".
At 12 months there was still a difference in function, although it was not a significant one.	At 12 months, there was still a difference between the groups, but it was not considered significant.
RAAF officers said yesterday a fully armed F/A-18 Hornet fighter-bomber was positioned to intercept the intruder.	Air Commodore Dave Pietsche said RAAF controllers had positioned a fully armed F/A-18 Hornet fighter to prepare to intercept the aircraft.
They certainly reveal a very close relationship between Boeing and senior Washington officials.	The e-mails reveal the close relationship between Boeing and the Air Force.
AMD made the announcement on Tuesday at the Embedded Systems Conference in Boston.	The Sunnyvale, Calif., chipmaker announced its plans Tuesday at the Embedded Systems Conference in Boston.
Trans fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products.	Trans fats are created when vegetable oil has been partially hydrogenated, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products.
Shares of Corixa were gaining 71 cents, or 10%, to $7.91 on the Nasdaq.	In late-morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market, Corixa was up 74 cents, or 10%, at $7.94.
Small-business customers paying $1,200 to $3,200 a year could save $60 to $120.	Small-business customers paying between $1,200 and $3,200 a year would save between $60 and $120 per year, the commission estimated.
After the Houston event, Bush returned to his Crawford, Texas, ranch, where he will host Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi on Sunday and Monday.	Bush is spending the weekend at his Crawford ranch, where he will play host to Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi.
The minister said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-member cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks in Casablanca on Friday night.	He said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who launched five almost simultaneous raids Friday night.
The WiFi potties were to be unveiled this summer, at music festivals in Britain.	The world's first portal potty was soon to be rolled out at summer festivals in Great Britain.
"I carried 100 percent of the votes in San Jose -- of all the Austrian-born body builders," Schwarzenegger said during the benefit at the Fairmont Hotel.	"I carried 100 percent of the votes in San Jose - of all the Austrian-born body builders," Schwarzenegger quipped.
Dubbed Project Mad Hatter, the Linux-based desktop is being promoted by Sun as a more secure and less expensive alternative to Windows.	Designed to compete with Microsoft Corp., Project Mad Hatter is being positioned by Sun as a cheaper, secure alternative desktop operating system to Microsoft's various desktop offerings.
"It was going to involve others," said prosecutor Kenneth Karas at a Jan. 30 court hearing, reports the Associated Press.	"It was going to involve others," federal prosecutor Kenneth Karas said at a Jan. 30 court hearing, without further elaboration.
It was third time lucky for Hempleman-Adams, 46, after two previous abandoned attempts to make ballooning history.	It was third time lucky for the 46-year-old explorer who twice had to abandon attempts to make ballooning history.
In fact, Fatima Haque's prom tonight had practically everything one might expect on one of a teenage girl's most important nights.	In fact, Fatima Haque's prom had practically everything one might expect on one of the most important nights of a teenage girl's year.
He has been at UCSD since 1991 and was appointed chancellor in 1996, after spending 22 years with AT&T Bell Labs, where he worked on superconductors and other materials.	Dynes has been at UC San Diego since 1991 after spending 22 years with AT&T Bell Labs, where he worked on superconductors and other materials.
The stock rose $2.11, or about 11 percent, to close on Friday at $21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange.	PG&E Corp. shares jumped $1.63 or 8 percent to $21.03 on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.
She had only a single condition, that the book not be published until her death.	She insisted, though, that it not be published until after her death.
Former company chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.	Last week, former chief financial officer Franklyn Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and agreed to cooperate with the government's investigation.
The plan is to convert half of its eight million local phone lines within the next six years.	Sprint plans to move half of its 8 million local lines from hard-wired circuits to packet networks in the next six years.
"But they did not, as of the time of this particular tragic event, provide the security we had requested," Mr Jordan said.	"They did not ... provide the security that we had requested," Jordan said in a CBS interview.
Avery Dennison estimated second-quarter revenue between $1.2 billion and $1.23 billion, up 14 percent to 16 percent from a year earlier.	The company estimated second-quarter revenue of $1.2 billion to $1.23 billion, up 14 percent to 16 percent from a year earlier.
Mehr said police had no way of knowing what Kilpatrick was shooting at when he fired his gun.	Mehr said police had no way of knowing who or what Kilpatrick was shooting at with the single shot.
If Fortigel, a testosterone gel, had been approved, Cellegy would have reached profitability by the second half of 2004, Mr. Juelis said.	If Fortigel had been approved, Cellegy would have reached profitability by the second half of 2004, said Richard Juelis, chief financial officer.
But an agency employee lent the tape to a friend, who lent it to Mr. Gonzalez.	An ad agency employee gave the copy to a friend, who passed the movie to Gonzalez, prosecutors said.
"Due to economic and creative realities, many key people will not be returning," producer David E. Kelley said in a statement.	"Due to economic and creative realities, many key people will not be returning, including Dylan," Kelley said Monday.
Prairie dogs sold as exotic pets are believed to have been infected in an Illinois pet shop by a Gambian giant rat imported from Africa.	Prairie dogs are believed to have become infected in a pet shop through a Gambian rat imported from Africa.
The events mark the latest twists in an unfolding scandal involving a form of trading that takes advantage of delays in the ways funds are priced.	The charges would mark the latest effort to crack down on a form of trading that takes advantage of delays in the ways funds are priced.
The number of lung transplantations also increased from 30 to 64, and the mean waiting time on the transplant list decreased from 290 days to 87 days.	The number of lung transplants also increased from 30 to 64 and the average waiting time for a lung fell from 290 days to 87 days.
Advanced Micro Devices Inc. Tuesday introduced its Athlon MP 2800+ processor for entry-level one- and two-way servers and workstations.	Advanced Micro Devices on Tuesday launched its newest Athlon chip for workstations and servers.
Though she defeated Williams on May 17 in the semifinals at Rome, Mauresmo isn't favored today.	Even though she defeated Williams on May 17 in the semifinals at Rome, Mauresmo cannot be favored in this match.
As a result of the decision, Brown said CareFirst subscribers won't have access to Blue Cross Blue Shield nationwide and to international service providers.	But if the trademark is withdrawn, subscribers won't have access to Blue Cross Blue Shield nationwide and international service providers.
Then it temporarily retracts the hard drive's read-write head until the system is stabilized again.	When such acceleration occurs, the drive's read/write head gets temporarily parked until the system is stabilised.
On Thursday, Long heard arguments from both sides.	Judge Elizabeth Long heard arguments in the state case Thursday.
The poll shows Bill White supported by 53 percent of surveyed voters -- Orlando Sanchez by 35 percent.	The latest 11 News/Houston Chronicle Poll shows White supported by 53 percent of surveyed voters, far ahead of Orlando Sanchez's 35 percent.
The government recently shelved peace talks with the MILF, being brokered by Malaysia, after a string of attacks, including three bombings, on Mindanao.	The government recently shelved peace talks being brokered by neighbouring Malaysia after a spate of attacks on Mindanao, including three deadly bombings, that it blamed on the MILF.
"Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these (pension) payments irrespective of the circumstances in which he left the company," Mr Argus said.	"Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to those superannuation payments irrespective of the circumstances in which he left the company," he said.
He is suspected of being a key figure in Jemaah Islamiyah, the al-Qa'eda-linked terror group which has been blamed for the bombings.	Samudra, 32, is suspected of being a key figure in the al-Qaida-linked terror group Jemaah Islamiyah, which has been blamed for carrying out the bombings.
Mr. Day said that the consequences had been "catastrophic" for the women involved and for the many mixed-race children shunned in their communities.	He said the consequences of the rapes had been "catastrophic" for the women involved and for the many mixed-race children they bore, who have been shunned in their communities.
The Conference Board reported its U.S. Consumer Confidence Index slipped to 83.5 in June from 83.6 in May.	The consumer-confidence index came in at 83.5 in June, down slightly from a revised 83.6 in May, the Conference Board said.
A cul de sac with homes burned to the foundation was visible from above.	A cul-de-sac with homes burned to their foundations was visible from above.
The billing mix-up, for between $100,000 and $250,000, went unnoticed until after their legal defense fund paid out roughly $7 million in fees.	The bill, for somewhere between $100,000 and $250,000, went unnoticed until after the couple's legal defense fund paid out roughly $7 million in fees.
His attorney said he is disputing the accusations through the securities dealers association's hearing process.	His attorney, Christopher Wilson, said Young is disputing the accusations through the NASD's hearing process.
Douglas Robinson, a senior vice president of finance, will take over as chief financial officer on an interim basis.	Douglas Robinson, CA senior vice president, finance, will fill the position in the interim.
United States State Department spokesman Richard Boucher said: 'It is our judgment that the possible avenues to a peaceful resolution were not fully explored at the Tokyo conference.	"It's our judgment that the possible avenues to a peaceful resolution were not fully explored at the Tokyo conference," US State Department spokesman Richard Boucher said.
Amazon also reported that the New York Attorney General's office had settled civil fraud charges with one of the spoofers it identified.	Amazon and the New York attorney general's office have already settled with one of the alleged e-mail forgers.
In the latest violence, insurgents threw a bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing one soldier.	Early Monday, insurgents threw a homemade bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing an American soldier.
Once converted, BayStar will own an aggregate of approximately 2.95 million shares of SCO common stock or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.	The investment gives Larkspur, Calif.-based BayStar more than 2.9 million shares of SCO common stock, or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
Change will take time, but is necessary for the nation's largest home improvement store chain if it is to grow amid increasing competition, chief executive Bob Nardelli said.	The change will take time, but Nardelli said it is necessary for the nation's largest home improvement store chain if it is to grow amid increasing competition.
The new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by Monday, according to security analysts.	Security analysts said the new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by mid-afternoon on Monday.
If convicted of the spying charges, he could face the death penalty.	The charges of espionage and aiding the enemy can carry the death penalty.
Ernst & Young admitted no wrongdoing with the settlement.	Ernst & Young spokesman Kenneth Kerrigan said the firm admits no wrongdoing.
Police said they arrested a man on suspicion of burglary, which covers unauthorized entry.	Mr Barschak was arrested on suspicion of burglary, which covers unauthorised entry.
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, had begun to read the Bible daily.	Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, became a born-again Christian in June 2002.
"We're pleased with the judge's decision," said Mark Herr, spokesman for Merrill Lynch.	"We are very pleased with the judge's decision," Merrill said yesterday.
"From Justin to Kelly," starring "American Idol" winner Kelly Clarkson and runner-up Justin Guarini, opened at No. 11 with only $2.9 million.	From Justin to Kelly, a romance starring American Idol winner Kelly Clarkson and runnerup Justin Guarini, opened at No. 11 with $2.9-million.
"A more favorable job market was a major factor in the turnaround," said Lynn Franco, Director of the Conference Board Consumer Research Center.	An improving job market was a "major factor," said Lynn Franco, director of the board's consumer research center.
The veteran rock group's four-disc DVD set, called Four Flicks and due Nov. 11 from TGA Entertainment, is expected to be one of the holiday season's top sellers.	The Stone's Four Flicks DVD, set to be released Nov. 11 from TGA Entertainment, is expected to be one of the holiday season's best sellers.
Compounding the pain for bonds, housing starts jumped a strong 6.1 percent in May while industrial output edged up 0.1 percent, just beating forecasts of a flat outcome.	Rubbing salt in the wounds, housing starts jumped a strong 6.1 percent in May while industrial output edged up 0.1 percent, just beating forecasts of a flat outcome.
Her body was found at the foot of a back staircase in the couple's expensive home in Durham.	Kathleen Peterson's body was found in December 2001 at the bottom of a staircase in the couple's home.
The euro was at 126.38/43 yen little changed from its late U.S. level of 126.35 yen but down sharply from around 127.60 yen the same time on Tuesday.	The euro was around 126.50 yen compared to its late Tuesday U.S. level of 126.35 yen but down sharply from around 127.30 yen in early Asian trade on Tuesday.
The loss ends the run of four straight Williams vs. Williams major finals, all won by Serena.	The loss ends a run of four straight "Sister Slam" major finals — all won by Venus' sister, Serena.
"It just seems like all the issues that we support, he doesn't," said Gabriela Lemus of LULAC.	"It just seems like all the issues that we support he doesn't," said Gabriela Lemus, the league's director of policy and legislation.
The film is the second of a trilogy, which will wrap up in November with The Matrix Revolutions.	"Reloaded" is the second installment of a trilogy; "The Matrix Revolutions" is slated for debut in November.
ONA explicitly stated that it did not receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist network was planning to mount an operation in Bali.	"But at no stage did ONA receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah was planning to mount an operation in Bali."
The state wanted every insurer doing business in California to turn over records of Holocaust-era insurance policies or risk losing its license to operate in the state.	The state wanted any insurer doing business there to turn over records of Holocaust-era insurance policies or risk losing their license to do business in the state.
It added that unless the problems are fixed, "the scene is set for another accident."	Without reform, "the scene is set for another accident", the report warned.
Certain to give Democrats hope was Bush's hypothetical matchup with a generic Democrat; the president prevailed 43 percent to 38 percent.	In a Bush hypothetical matchup with a generic Democrat; the president prevailed 43 to 38 percent.
Weather forecasters are sending out warnings for heavy rainfall that could wash out the tail end of the holiday weekend.	Weather forecasters are warning of heavy rainfall that could wash out part of the holiday weekend.
Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter.	Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call had expected Kodak to earn 68 cents a share for the quarter.
For legal purposes, J.P. Morgan and Citigroup neither admit nor deny the SEC charges under the settlements.	The banks did not admit or deny the SEC charges under the settlements.
Even as little as 2 or 3 grams of trans fat a day — a glazed doughnut has 4 grams — can increase health risks.	Even as little as 2 or 3 grams of trans fat a day can increase the health risk.
During 2001 and 2002, Morgenthau said, wire transfers from just four of Beacon Hill's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion.	Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said.
House Democrats are planning a series of town meetings throughout the nation this month to lay out their complaints about the House bill.	House Democrats plan town meetings this month to lay out their complaints about the House bill.
Also Wednesday, a minibus detonated a roadside bomb in a Baghdad traffic tunnel, killing two people and wounding two others, hospital officials said.	Also today, a bomb explosion in a Baghdad traffic tunnel killed one civilian and wounded two others, Iraqi police said.
Buchan responded by first noting that, in crafting the tax relief packages, "the president has always had both the short-term and the long-term in mind."	"In crafting the tax relief packages, the president has always had both the short-term and the long-term in mind," Buchan said.
The Ottoman Dignity will carry the oil to a Turkish refinery on the Aegean coast.	The cargo was to be taken to a Turkish refinery on the Aegean coast.
Sales fell to $3.3bn in 2002 as the bad news hit the US market.	Sales fell to $3.3bn in 2002, as the bad news from the Women's Health Initiative hit the US market.
According to SunnComm's Peter Jacobs, "MediaMax performs exactly as 'advertised' to the companies who purchased it.	"MediaMax performs EXACTLY as "advertised" to the companies who purchased it," Jacobs said in the statement.
Then, suddenly, the ONS reported a fresh 0.6 per cent slump in manufacturing output.	The ONS this week reported a surprise 0.6 per cent fall in manufacturing output in August.
Qantas issued its second profit downgrade in six weeks yesterday, as the airline warned of more job cuts owing to the ongoing impact of SARS on passenger demand.	Qantas yesterday issued its second profit downgrade in six weeks and warned of more job cuts as the continuing affect of the SARS scourge took its toll on passenger demand.
The company said industrywide sales of consumer film in China during April and May were nearly half of the amount sold during the same two months a year ago.	It said sales of film in China during April and May were about half the amount sold in the year-ago period.
It's one of the nicer rounds I have ever played and the best chance I have ever had of a 59."	"That's one of the nicer rounds I've ever played, and the best chance I've ever had for a 59.
Mr. Mask said Mr. Cullen would be taken from the Somerset County Jail by Thursday and moved to the Ann Klein Forensic Hospital just outside Trenton for psychiatric care.	Charles Cullen, 43, was transferred from the Somerset County Jail in Somerville to the Anne Klein Forensic Center, a 150-bed psychiatric treatment facility in Trenton.
Ohmer ruled the law warranted further review by the Missouri Supreme Court and would have caused irreparable harm had it taken effect Saturday.	Circuit Judge Steven Ohmer ruled Friday that the law needed a further review by the state Supreme Court and would have caused irreparable harm had it taken effect Saturday.
Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with three sham marriages, is also charged with perjury and filing a false instrument.	Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with perjury and filing a false instrument in three marriage applications.
Muhammad and Malvo, 18, are not related, but have referred to each other as father and son.	He's not related to Malvo, but the two have referred to each other as father and son.
Five foreign embassies, including the Singapore embassy in Bangkok, were among those targeted," the Singapore statement said.	Five foreign embassies in Bangkok, including the Singapore embassy, were among those targeted.
A company spokesman declined to comment further Wednesday, and a Redding Medical Center official didn't immediately return telephone calls.	A Tenet spokesman declined to comment Wednesday and a Redding Medical Center official did not return telephone calls seeking comment.
The Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to draft James by winning the NBA's annual lottery Thursday night.	Such was the case Thursday night when the Cleveland Cavaliers won the "LeBron James Lottery," otherwise known as the NBA draft lottery.
The organizers of the University Games, which began Thursday, were hoping North Korea's participation would help boost inter-Korean reconciliation in the leadup to this week's summit.	The organizers of the University Games were hoping North Korea's participation would help boost inter-Korean reconciliation in the leadup to a crucial summit in Beijing this week.
"Intel will use this advancement along with other innovations, such as strained silicon and tri-gate transistors, to extend transistor scaling and Moore's Law," he added.	Intel said it will use this advancement along with other innovations, such as strained silicon and tri-gate transistors, to extend transistor scaling and Moore's Law (define).
Arthur Benson, attorney for the case's plaintiff schoolchildren, said he will appeal.	An attorney for plaintiff schoolchildren said he plans to appeal.
He explained that he found Antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 as a post-doctoral research assistant at England's University of Bristol.	He explained that he found antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 while a post-doctoral research assistant at Bristol University in Britain.
The Winston-Salem, North Carolina company opened six stores during the quarter, bringing the total to 282.	Six new Krispy Kreme stores were opened in the first quarter, bringing the total number of stores to 282.
Such a step could put the issue before the UN Security Council.	The matter could then be sent to the U.N. Security Council.
Kim Clijsters reached the French Open final for the second time, benefiting from a little luck Thursday to erase a set point and beating unseeded Nadia Petrova 7-5, 6-1.	Kim Clijsters also reached the French Open final on Thursday benefiting from a little luck to erase a set point and beat unseeded Nadia Petrova 7-5, 6-1.
The department ordered an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds and a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds.	The department ordered a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds, the state's largest insurer, and an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds, the third-largest.
The study was published Thursday in The New England Journal of Medicine (news - web sites).	The study was published today in the New England Journal of Medicine.
A magnitude 8 quake hit the area Friday, setting off a fire in another tank that consumed 188,700 barrels, of crude oil.	The magnitude 8 earthquake last Friday gutted another tank, consuming 188,700 barrels of crude oil.
"The European Union is basically absent," said Tito Barbini, regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy.	Tito Barbini, a regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy, criticized the absence Tuesday in Sacramento.
Yunos allegedly prepared the bombs' wiring while Al-Ghozi reportedly admitted preparing the switch on the alarm-clock triggers and packing the explosives, the prosecutors said.	Yunos prepared the bombs' wiring, and Ghozi admitted that he prepared the switch on the alarm-clock triggers and packed the explosives, the prosecutors said.
Veteran entertainer Bob Hope celebrates his 100th birthday - and many years in showbusiness - on Thursday.	Hollywood and the world are gearing up to celebrate legendary entertainer Bob Hope's 100th birthday on Thursday.
A 114-year-old Japanese woman who had assumed the title of the world's oldest person last month died Thursday, a spokesperson for Hiroshima city said.	A 114-year-old Japanese woman who just weeks ago assumed the title of the world's oldest person died today, a Hiroshima official said.
All 180,000 DHS employees soon will receive a lapel pin and personalized certificate bearing the seal, DHS said.	All 180,000 DHS employees will soon receive a DHS lapel pin and a personalized DHS certificate.
Althardt said there was no indication that any of the sick children needed to be hospitalized.	The sick children have been staying home and Althardt said there was no indication any had needed to be hospitalized.
Until now, sales of the entertainment-oriented PCs have been limited to the United States, Canada and Korea.	The computers are currently sold in Canada, the United States, and Korea.
State Education Commissioner Kent King said Wednesday that the scores on the Missouri Assessment Program tests disappointed him.	Missouri Education Commissioner Kent King said he was disappointed by the scores.
His mother contacted the Federal Public Defender's office in Sacramento, which has agreed to handle his surrender, she says.	His family approached the federal defender's office in Sacramento Friday about arranging his surrender.
Dean aides estimated the plan would cost about $88 billion annually, and Dean said he would pay for it by eliminating portions of Bush's tax cuts.	Dean said his plan would cost about $88 billion annually -- to be paid for by eliminating some of Bush's tax cuts.
Meanwhile, Harrison said, investigators were working through the holiday to prevent a potential outbreak of the deadly disease and to calm public fears about the food supply.	Investigators worked through the Christmas holiday to prevent a potential outbreak of the deadly disease and to calm public fears about the food supply, Harrison said.
A jury convicted rapper C-Murder, also known as Corey Miller, of second-degree murder Tuesday night in the shooting death of a 16-year-old in a Jefferson Parish nightclub.	Rapper C-Murder has been convicted of second-degree murder, a crime that carries an automatic life sentence, in the shooting death of a 16-year-old inside a Jefferson Parish nightclub.
Consolidated operating income for the fourth quarter was $570 million, up 26% from the $452 million reported a year ago.	Operating income rose 26 percent to $570 million from $452 million in the same period a year ago.
He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold, Moriarty thought.	From the top of the embankment, Moriarty thought, "He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold."
The bodies of 17 undocumented immigrants who suffocated in a stifling trailer were discovered yesterday at a south Texas truck stop where smugglers had abandoned them.	The bodies of 18 illegal Mexican immigrants who died from suffocation and heat exhaustion were discovered on Wednesday in a packed tractor trailer abandoned at a rest stop.
If convicted of violating the Truth in Domain Names Act, Zuccarini could face up to four years in prison and a $250,000 fine.	If convicted under the new law, Zuccarini faces a maximum of four years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
Dewhurst's proposal calls for an abrupt end to the controversial "Robin Hood" plan for school finance.	The committee would propose a replacement for the "Robin Hood" school finance system.
Lawmakers at the closed-door hearing focused on the National Intelligence Estimate reports on Iraq's chemical, biological and nuclear weapons programs.	Lawmakers on the House panel will question intelligence analysts at the closed-door hearing about the factors that went into compiling the National Intelligence Estimate reports on Iraq's weapons programs.
This left the Eurotop 300 benchmark about six points off its highest level since January 17 -- hit earlier in the session.	The left the Eurotop 300 benchmark trading just short of its highest level since January 17 -- hit earlier in the session.
One of the 14 Kurds pointed at the word "refugee" in an English/Turkish dictionary.	One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word "refugee".
Last year, he made his first foray into public politics, running a successful proposition campaign to secure state funding for after-school programs.	Last year, he ran a successful proposition campaign to secure state funding for after-school programs.
Two convicted killers and another inmate escaped from a state prison on a busy street Wednesday by cutting through a fence, a Corrections Department official said.	A convicted killer and two other inmates cut through two fences topped with razor wire and escaped from a state prison on a busy street.
The court case does not include another rule, which also took effect Nov. 29, that allows cell customers to keep their phone numbers when they switch wireless companies.	The court case does not involve another rule that that allows cell customers to keep their phone numbers when they switch wireless companies.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI added 47.9 points, or 0.52 percent, to 9,174.35.	The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 64.64 points, or 0.71 percent, at 9,191.09, according to the latest available data.
Mitchell Garabedian, an attorney representing many young men who have claimed they were molested by Geoghan, said he was shocked and surprised to hear of the jail death.	Attorney Mitchell Garabedian, who represents many young men who say they were molested by Geoghan, said he was shocked and surprised to hear of Geoghan's death.
Belcher said the airport's conference room became a shelter for several families who had hiked up hillsides ahead of rising water.	Belcher said the airport's conference room was serving as a makeshift shelter for several area families who hiked up the wooded hillside in advance of rising water.
The company posted a profit of $54.3 million, or 22 cents per share, in the year-ago period.	That was up from the year-ago quarter, when the company earned $54.3 million, or 22 cents a share.
Both sets of findings were presented Dec. 1 at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America in Chicago.	The study was presented yesterday in Chicago at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America.
Among those waiting a turn was Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C.	Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C., anxiously awaited her turn at the microphone.
"We can presume that we've prevented a very large number of infections and some significant amount of clinical disease," he said.	"We have prevented a very large number of infections and a significant amount of clinical disease," Goodman said.
In an editorial in the journal, two breast-cancer researchers said hormones' effect on the breast created a double-whammy that is "almost unique" in medicine.	In an accompanying editorial, two breast cancer researchers said that the effect of hormones on the breast created a double whammy that was "almost unique" in medicine.
Consumers still would have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.	To watch pay television, consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service.
Wells’ other series include NBC’s ER and Third Watch.	Wells' other series include NBC's "ER" and "Third Watch."
NASA officials are delicately seeking advice on what to do with the 84,000 shattered pieces from Columbia, cautiously broaching the idea of putting some shuttle parts on display.	NASA officials are seeking advice about what to do with the 84,000 shattered pieces of the space shuttle Columbia, cautiously broaching the idea of putting some parts on display.
Customers can use Release Candidate 1 of Exchange Server 2003--available Monday--as a stepping stone to the final release this summer.	Customers can deploy Release Candidate 1 of Exchange Server 2003, which is available Monday, as a stepping stone toward the final release, which is due this summer.
Mr. Sweeney outlined plans for the campaign in a speech last night in Philadelphia at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.	Sweeney was to outline plans for the campaign in a speech on Saturday night at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
The fire began about two hours later, the result of an explosion that was likely caused by a steam leak, officials said.	The fire began about two hours later after an explosion likely caused by a steam leak, Miami-Dade Police Director Carlos Alvarez said.
For the entire season, the average five-day forecast track error was 259 miles, Franklin said.	"The average track error for the five-day (forecast) is 323 nautical miles.
"Clearly, the debate (over recent developments) has had an effect," says David Smith of the Human Rights Campaign.	"Clearly, the debate and the discussion have had an effect," says David Smith, a spokesman for the Human Rights Campaign.
The commission estimated California lost $937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001.	California's lost tax revenue was mostly due to international corporate tax shelters.
These men "are entitled to respect for their private lives," Kennedy said.	"The petitioners are entitled to respect for their private lives."
Turkish authorities have said all the suicide bombers were Turks.	Ankara says all four suicide bombers were Turkish.
Green wrote, The documents show that in one two-month period, Bennett wired more than $1.4 million to cover losses.	Over one two-month period, Newsweek said Bennett wired more than $1.4 million to one casino to cover losses.
Palm Wednesday announced plans to acquire Handspring, a company started by Jeff Hawkins, regarded by many as the father of the Palm handheld.	Palm said on Wednesday it plans to buy Handspring, a company created by renegade Palm co-founder Jeff Hawkins.
Seven of the nine major Democratic presidential candidates will address the forum.	Seven of nine Democratic candidates for president also said they would participate in the conference Monday.
The new system costs between $1.1 million and $22 million, depending on configuration.	The system is priced from US$1.1 million to $22.4 million, depending on configuration.
Monday said it has its first customer for its controversial Intellectual Property Compliance License for SCO UNIX Rights.	SCO says it has signed the first enterprise customer to its controversial Intellectual Property Compliance License.
Patients' rights advocates crashed it by squeezing into camera range, protesting the FMA's acceptance of major financial support from First Professionals Insurance.	It was crashed by patients' rights advocates who squeezed into camera range, protesting the FMA's acceptance of major financial support from First Professionals Insurance.
"I've stopped looters, run political parties out of abandoned buildings, caught people with large amounts of cash and weapons," Williams said.	"I've stopped looters, run political parties out of abandoned buildings, caught people with large amounts of cash and weapons," said U.S. Army 2nd Lt. Cody Williams.
There were conflicting reports about the number of casualties yesterday.	There were sharply conflicting reports tonight on the death toll.
Nextel Partners Inc. NXTP.O , which provides wireless phone service, fell 59 cents, or 9.8 percent, to $5.41.	Nextel Partners Inc. (nasdaq: NXTP - news - people), which provides wireless phone service, fell 45 cents, or 7.5 percent, to $5.55.
Tennessee officials are setting up relief services and mobile communications in Jackson after power was wiped out in the town.	The state is setting up relief services and mobile communications after power was wiped out in the town.
Colin Powell, the Secretary of State, said contacts with Iran would not stop.	Secretary of State Colin Powell said yesterday that contacts with Iran would continue.
South San Francisco's Genentech, the world's second-biggest biotechnology company, rose 6.6 percent to $66.73.	South San Francisco, Calif.'s Genentech, the world's No. 2 biotech company, advanced 6.6 percent to $66.73.
Wyoming and New Mexico both reported two deaths within the past week.	Wyoming and New Mexico reported their first deaths from the virus this past week.
"I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it is not our proposal but I'm not going to be negative about it".	"I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it's not our proposal, but I'm not responding to it in a negative way," he said.
Sources within the racing industry have told the Daily Bulletin that Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.	Sources in the racing industry said Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.	The latest shooting linked to the spree was a Nov. 11 shooting at Hamilton Township Elementary School in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
Common side effects include nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough, the FDA said.	The most common side effects after getting the nasal spray were nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough.
NBC probably will end the season as the second most popular network behind CBS, which is first among the key 18-to-49-year-old demographic.	NBC probably will end the season as the second most popular network behind CBS, although it's first among the key 18-to- 49-year-old demographic.
The judge said Congress is the best forum for weighing the prescription drug importation issue.	The judge said Congress is the best forum to address the high cost of prescription drugs.
Happy Family has ex-Night Court star Larroquette and Christine Baranski as a couple whose children move back home after college.	Happy Family has ex-Night Court star Larroquette and Christine Baranski as a couple with grown children who won't leave their lives.
And because it is so far out in international water, salvage company Odyssey Marine Exploration does not have to share the wealth with coastal state governments.	It is so far out in international water that the finder Odyssey Marine Exploration, of Tampa, Fla., does not have to share the wealth with any governments.
The European Commission has developed a set of guidelines to help public administrators decide whether to migrate their enterprises to Open Source Software or not.	A European Commission initiative has issued guidelines to member governments on how to migrate to open source software on both servers and desktops.
Thirty-seven per cent of CEOs who expect stronger profits cited reduced costs as the main reason.	In addition, 37 per cent of executives who expect to make more money cited reduced costs as the main reason.
"New Yorkers didn't embrace these units like they could have," said Matthew Daus, chairman of the commission.	"New Yorkers didn't embrace these units like they could have," Matthew W. Daus, the commission's chairman, said yesterday.
The NLC advised motorists to stay at home and petrol stations to shut down during the strike.	It has ordered motorists to stay off the streets and petrol stations to shut down during the strike.
The resolution was approved with no debate by delegates at the bar association's annual meeting here.	The resolution was approved with no debate by delegates, who met in San Francisco for the bar association's annual meeting.
Reacting to Thompson's attack, Ed Skyler, a spokesman for Bloomberg, said the controller's statements, "while noteworthy for their sensationalism, bear no relation to the facts."	Responding, Edward Skyler, a spokesman for the mayor, said later: "The comptroller's statements, while noteworthy for their sensationalism, bear no relation to the facts.
New chief executive Mark McInnes has already said that capping costs would be the number one priority for David Jones as part of the review process.	Newly appointed chief executive Mark McInnes has already said that capping costs would be the number one issue David Jones would tackle as a result of the review.
Its former chief Mickey Robinson was fired for cause when he left in September, the company said.	Chief Executive Mickey Robinson was fired for cause in September, the company said last month.
Vivendi shares closed 3.8 percent up in Paris at 15.78 euros.	Vivendi shares were 0.3 percent up at 15.62 euros in Paris at 0841 GMT.
Announcing the selection, Kmart CEO Julian Day said Grey will help the retailer "find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the new America consumer."	Together, we will find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the 'new America' consumer."
Today's barrage could have been a show of force as the military steps up security against threats of intensified attacks over the Christmas holiday by Baghdad's 14 identified guerrilla cells.	Kimmitt said the operation was a show of force as the military steps up security against threats of attacks over the Christmas holiday by Baghdad's 14 identified guerrilla cells.
Micron has declared its first quarterly profit for three years.	Micron's numbers also marked the first quarterly profit in three years for the DRAM manufacturer.
The Coast Guard airlifted the survivors to Bartlett Regional Hospital, Wetherell said.	Soon after, a Coast Guard helicopter landed and took the men to Bartlett Regional Hospital, Mills said.
Only Intel Corp.'s 0.3 percent yield was lower.	Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield.
"For one thing, it says, 'Come on, it's working,' " said Don Marti, editor in chief of the Linux Journal.	"For one thing, it says, 'Come on, it's working,' " Don Marti, editor in chief of the Linux Journal told the New York Post. "
Google's investors include prominent VC firms Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital, the paper noted.	Google's early stage backers in include California-based Stanford University and VC firms Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia Capital.
Since then, Acacia had only had supervised visits with her grandmother, she said.	Since then, Acacia has spent little time with her grandmother.
"For the same reason Dell and Gateway can get TVs, there's no reason Wal-Mart can't get computers," said Steve Baker, an analyst with NPD Group.	"For the same reason Dell and Gateway can get TVs, there's no reason Wal-Mart can't get computers," Baker said.
A new study, conducted in Europe, found the medicine worked just as well as an earlier disputed study, sponsored by ImClone Systems, said it did.	Doctors concluded Erbitux, the cancer drug that enmeshed ImClone Systems in an insider trading scandal, worked just as well as an earlier company-sponsored study said it did.
"I had never wanted the matter to come to court and have been overwhelmed by the whole court process and the media coverage that has surrounded the case.	I never wanted the matter to come to court and have been overwhelmed by the whole process and the media coverage that has surrounded it."
The US will take on Canada in the third-place play-off in Carson on Saturday.	The United States will play Canada in the third-place game Saturday.
The industry groups non-manufacturing index rose to 50.7 during the month, up from Marchs reading of 47.9.	The Arizona-based ISM reported Monday that its non-manufacturing index rose to 50.7 last month, from 47.9 in March.
The nation, Bush said, "will not stand by and wait for another attack, or trust in the restraint and good intentions of evil men."	The United States ``will not stand by and wait for another attack, or trust in the restraint and good intentions of evil men,'' he declared.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> advanced 11 points, or 1.25 percent, to 931.	The Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York.
Another recent study shows that about 12 million adults have been diagnosed with diabetes and an additional 5 million adults have it but do not know it.	Another recent study found that 12 million adults have been diagnosed with diabetes and another 5 million adults have the condition but don't know it.
A weak cold front could bring thunderstorms into South Texas on Sunday at the same time a tropical wave moves in from the Yucatan.	As of today, forecasts show a weak cold front bringing thunderstorms into South Texas on Sunday at the same time a tropical wave moves in from the Yucatan.
"I feel that my supervision was inadequate," Minister of Health Twu Shiing-jer told parliament after he tendered his resignation to the island's premier.	"I feel that my supervision was inadequate," Taiwan's minister of health, Twu Shiing-jer, told parliament after tendering his resignation.
An incremental step reported by researchers at the University of California, San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort.	The incremental step, reported by researchers at UC San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort to infect mice with the virus.
U.S. prosecutors have arrested more than 130 individuals and have seized more than $17 million in a continuing crackdown on Internet fraud and abuse.	More than 130 people have been arrested and $17 million worth of property seized in an Internet fraud sweep announced Friday by three U.S. government agencies.
"Arifin has disclosed to the ISD that he is involved with a group of like-minded individuals in planning terrorist attacks against certain targets in Thailand," the government said.	"Arifin has disclosed . . . that he is involved with a group of like-minded individuals in planning terrorist attacks against certain targets in Thailand.
Nottingham found speech is treated unequally because the list applies to calls from businesses but not charities.	In that order, Nottingham ruled the do-not-call list unconstitutional on free-speech grounds because it applied to calls from businesses but not charities.
Some opposition leaders said they would reserve comment until mourning was over, but others called for the immediate withdrawal of troops.	Some opposition leaders called for withdrawing troops, but others said they would reserve comment until mourning was over.
The consumer group generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue from January to June, 53% of Citigroup's profit and revenue.	It generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue in the year's first half, 53 percent of Citigroup's totals.
Kiernan testified that Seifert had received a gunshot wound to the back.	Seifert, he testified, had a gunshot wound in the back.
"If you have more turnovers, if you're at the bottom of the league in turnover ratio [Washington was 29th], your chances aren't good.	"If you have more turnovers or you're in the bottom of the league in turnovers, your chances aren't very good.
Women who eat potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy may be at risk of triggering type 1 diabetes in their children, Melbourne researchers believe.	Australian researchers believe they have found a trigger of type 1 diabetes in children - their mothers eating potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy.
ALBANY, N.Y. State Senate Majority Leader Joseph Bruno announced Friday he has been diagnosed with prostate cancer.	LBANY, Aug. 8 Joseph L. Bruno, the State Senate majority leader, announced today that he had prostate cancer.
"The £5m would give BA a considerable return on the £5 it originally paid the government for the aircraft."	The £5m gives BA a considerable return on the £5 they originally paid for Concorde.
There is only one drug on the market for macular degeneration, and it is approved to treat only one subtype that represents a minority of cases.	There is only one drug on the market for macular degeneration, and it is approved for the treatment of one subtype representing a minority of cases.
And when asked if he felt regret or guilt about the attack his answer was an adamant "no".	Asked if he felt any regret about theOctober 12 attack, the answer was an adamant "no".
The gunman, identified as Harold Kilpatrick Jr., 26, had left a note saying he "wanted to kill some people and die today."	The gunman, 26-year-old Harold Kilpatrick jnr, had left a note saying he "wanted to kill some people and die today".
The new department is charged with patrolling borders, analyzing U.S. intelligence, responding to emergencies and guarding against terrorism, among other tasks.	They patrol borders, analyze U.S. intelligence, respond to emergencies and guard against terrorism, among other tasks.
The broadside came during the recording Saturday night of a Christmas concert attended by top Vatican cardinals, bishops and many elite of Italian society, witnesses said.	The announcement was made during the recording of a Christmas concert attended by top Vatican cardinals, bishops, and many elite from Italian society, witnesses said.
So in his State of the Union address in January, Bush declared that the British government "has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."	In his Jan. 28 State of the Union message, Bush said, "The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."
Several witnesses have told the court Bashir heads JI, accused of seeking to create an Islamic state in the region.	A number of witnesses have told the court Bashir heads Jemaah Islamiah, accused of wanting an Islamic state in the region.
The jury also found Gonzales guilty of using excessive force by dousing Olvera-Carrera with pepper spray.	Gonzales was found guilty of using excessive force by spraying Olvera with pepper spray.
The council includes 13 Shiites, five Kurds, five Sunnis, one Christian and one Turkoman.	There are five ethnic Kurds, five Sunni Muslims, a Christian and a Turkoman.
Militias also attacked local United Nations offices and, according to a United Nations spokesman, have fired into crowds seeking shelter near the airport in Bunia.	Militias also attacked local U.N. offices and, according to a U.N. spokesman, had fired into crowds seeking shelter near the airport in Bunia.
When ex-Mepham head coach Kevin McElroy walked into the court to testify, some of the victims' supporters turned their backs on him.	When varsity coach Kevin McElroy walked into the courthouse with his attorney, the crowd turned their backs on him.
The number of public WiFi hot spots will grow from the current 50,000 to 85,000 by the end of 2004, IDC said.	Wi-Fi will continue to grow: The number of public Wi-Fi hot spots will grow from the current 50,000, to 85,000 by the end of the year, IDC said.
The launch marks the start of a new golden age in Mars exploration.	The launch marks the start of a race to find life on another planet.
Brendsel and chief financial officer Vaughn Clarke resigned June 9.	The company's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned.
As a precaution, NASA instructed space station astronauts to periodically seek shelter from the storm's effects in the station's Russian module.	But NASA has instructed space station astronauts to periodically seek shelter from the storm's effects.
The village last said sorry in 1993, when it presented the Methodist Church of Fiji with Baker's boots - which cannibals had tried unsuccessfully to cook and eat.	In 1993, villagers presented the Methodist Church of Fiji with Baker's boots — which cannibals tried unsuccessfully to cook and eat.
"I came basically to Washington to establish relationships and to make sure that we are getting more federal money to California," Schwarzenegger said after meeting with congressional Republicans.	"I came to Washington basically to establish relationships and make sure we are getting more federal money," Schwarzenegger said after one meeting.
The vulnerability affects an interface with RPC that deals with message exchange over TCP/IP port 135, according to Microsoft.	The security hole was detected into the section of RPC that deals with message exchange over TCP/IP, Microsoft explained.
Smith, 59, is charged with fraud for allegedly filing false reports to FBI headquarters about Leung's reliability and with gross negligence for allegedly allowing her access to classified materials.	Smith, 59, is charged with filing false reports to FBI headquarters about Leung's reliability and allowing her access to classified materials.
Miss Stewart is being prosecuted not because of who she is but what she did," Mr Comey continued.	"Martha Stewart is being prosecuted not because of who she is but because of what she did," he said.
THE compact disc could be history within five years after scientists invented a replacement the size of a fingertip.	COMPACT discs could be history within five years after scientists made a fingertip-sized replacement.
Authorities questioned O'Dell in Pennsylvania over the weekend after identifying her through records at the self-storage company.	Authorities interviewed O'Dell in Pennsylvania over the weekend after identifying her through records at Customer Storage Rentals.
Fighting erupted after four North Korean journalists confronted a dozen South Korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the North outside the main media centre.	Trouble flared when at least four North Korean reporters rushed from the Taegu media centre to confront a dozen activists protesting against human rights abuses in the North.
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. Annika Sorenstam drew the crowds, Michelle Wie got the publicity but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.	GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. >> Annika Sorenstam and Michelle Wie drew the crowds, but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.
Founders of the group are Matsushita Electric, Sony, Hitachi, NEC, Royal Philips Electronics, Samsung, Sharp and Toshiba.	CELF's founding members are Hitachi, Matsushita, NEC, Philips, Samsung, Sharp, Sony, and Toshiba.
Global Crossing wants documents related to the regulatory-approval process and information on XO employee Carl Griver, who used to work for Global Crossing.	Global Crossing wants documents related to the regulatory-approval process and information on XO Chief Executive Carl J. Grivner, who used to be Global Crossing&apos;s chief operating officer.
Faced with these circumstances, Halliburton "is left with no option for providing these services from Kuwait other than to continue obtaining them from Altanmia," Sumner wrote.	"KBR is left with no option for providing these services from Kuwait other than to continue obtaining them from Altanmia," the document said.
The three-story brick building has apartments on the upper floors and the Snack Bar and Café downstairs.	The three-story brick building houses apartments in the upper floors and the Snack Bar and Caf on its downstairs.
The teenager was in surgery at a hospital and the extent of his injuries was not available, police said.	The teen was in surgery at Sacred Heart Medical Center, and the extent of his injuries was not available, Bragdon said.
But a senior State Department official said: "We'll decide how to keep the proper incentives there for countries to sign and for countries that have signed to ratify."	"We'll decide how to keep the proper incentives there for countries to sign and for countries that have signed to ratify," the official said.
Mark Longabaugh, the league's vice president for political affairs, said that Kempthorne has "shown a distinct contempt for environmental protection."	Kempthorne has ''shown a distinct contempt for environmental protection,'' said Mark Longabaugh, the league's vice president for political affairs.
Stanford bested a 144-player field that included former winners Sorenstam and Juli Inkster, as well as 13-year-old phenom Michelle Wie.	She did — and then some, besting a 144-player field that included former winners Sorenstam and Juli Inkster, as well as Wie.
But those modest gains weren't nearly enough to offset the loss of 43,000 jobs in Santa Clara County and 18,000 jobs in the San Francisco-Peninsula-Marin area.	But those tiny gains weren't nearly enough to offset the loss of nearly 62,000 jobs in the Santa Clara County-San Francisco areas.
The stunning art robbery on Sunday was one of the biggest in Europe in recent years.	Art historians said it was one of the significant art thefts in Europe in recent years.
The new orders index rose to 52.2 percent from 51.9 percent in May.	The New Orders Index rose by 0.3 percentage points from 51.9 percent in May to 52.2 percent in June.
After three months, Atkins dieters had lost an average of 14.7 pounds compared to 5.8 pounds in the conventional group.	Three months into the study, the Atkins group had lost an average of about 15 pounds, compared with five for the low-fat group.
"I would rather be talking about positive numbers than negative.	But I would rather be talking about high standards rather than low standards."
The Tuesday Supreme Court announcement stems from an appeal involving Michael Newdow, a California atheist whose 9-year-old daughter, like most elementary schoolchildren, hears the pledge recited daily.	The Supreme Court justices agreed to hear an appeal involving a California atheist whose 9-year-old daughter, like most elementary school children, hears the Pledge of Allegiance recited daily.
Immunizing mice with pneumococcusleads tothe generation of antibodies that the researchers think lead to the protection from heart disease, he said.	Immunizing mice with pneumococcus means generating antibodies that the researchers believe lead to the protection from heart disease, he said.
He said McKevitt was "the man who has the blood of innocent people on his hands".	McKevitt is a terrorist, a man who has the blood of innocent people on his hands."
The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 of the state's 16 fatalities were reported.	The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 people were killed.
The Ministry of Defence said that "an investigation is being conducted into allegations that have been made against a British officer who was serving in Iraq".	The Ministry of Defence said yesterday: “We can confirm that an investigation is being conducted into allegations surrounding a British officer who served in Iraq.
Mr. Malik assured him that he would be considered a martyr if he did not return, the witness testified.	Mr. Malik assured him that he would be considered a martyr if anything happened to him as a result of his trip, the witness said.
That kept the records sealed as Limbaugh's attorneys prepared to file an appeal.	A day later, Winikoff sealed the records again to give Limbaugh's attorneys time to appeal.
States of emergency were declared in all four states as well as West Virginia, Delaware, New Jersey and Washington DC.	States of emergency were declared in North Carolina, Virginia, Washington DC, Maryland, West Virginia, Delaware, Pennsylvania and New Jersey.
At midnight on Wednesday, 68 percent of voters said "no" to the tax, with 97 percent of the votes counted.	With 97 percent of precincts counted tonight, 68 percent of voters opposed the tax.
PwC itself paid $5m last year over alleged violations of independence rules.	In July 2002, PWC paid $5 million to settle alleged violations of auditor independence rules.
The addition of the house shooting expands the investigation area east by two miles, with the police now examining a seven-mile section of the freeway.	The house shooting expands the investigation area east by three kilometres, with the police now examining an 11-kilometre section of the freeway.
Remaining shares will be held by QVC's management.	Members of the QVC management team hold the remaining shares.
The New York Yankees took third baseman Eric Duncan from Seton Hall Prep in New Jersey with the 27th pick.	The Yankees selected Eric Duncan, a third baseman from Seton Hall Prep in New Jersey, with the 27th pick.
Gehring waived extradition Monday during a hearing in San Jose, and authorities said they expected him back in New Hampshire on Tuesday.	Gehring waived extradition Monday during a hearing in Santa Clara County Superior Court in San Jose and was expected Tuesday in New Hampshire.
"I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel," said Silver.	"I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, J. Michael Boxley,'' the Silver statement said. "
The deal, approved by both companies' board of directors, is expected to be completed in the third quarter of Nvidia's fiscal third quarter.	The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year.
Last week the power station’s US owners, AES Corp, walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its financial restructuring offer.	The news comes after Drax's American owner, AES Corp. AES.N , last week walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its restructuring offer.
Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain such familiar headings as "Thank You!," "Re: Details" or "Re: That Movie."	The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like "Thank You!" and "Re: Details".
