Amrozi accused his brother, whom he called "the witness", of deliberately distorting his evidence.	Referring to him as only "the witness", Amrozi accused his brother of deliberately distorting his evidence.
They had published an advertisement on the Internet on June 10, offering the cargo for sale, he added.	On June 10, the ship's owners had published an advertisement on the Internet, offering the explosives for sale.
The stock rose $2.11, or about 11 percent, to close Friday at $21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange.	PG&E Corp. shares jumped $1.63 or 8 percent to $21.03 on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.
Revenue in the first quarter of the year dropped 15 percent from the same period a year earlier.	With the scandal hanging over Stewart's company, revenue the first quarter of the year dropped 15 percent from the same period a year earlier.
The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court.	The DVD CCA appealed that decision to the U.S. Supreme Court.
He said the foodservice pie business doesn't fit the company's long-term growth strategy.	"The foodservice pie business does not fit our long-term growth strategy.
But he added group performance would improve in the second half of the year and beyond.	De Sole said in the results statement that group performance would improve in the second half of the year and beyond.
He told The Sun newspaper that Mr. Hussein's daughters had British schools and hospitals in mind when they decided to ask for asylum.	"Saddam's daughters had British schools and hospitals in mind when they decided to ask for asylum -- especially the schools," he told The Sun.
Sheena Young of Child, the national infertility support network, hoped the guidelines would lead to a more "fair and equitable" service for infertility sufferers.	Sheena Young, a spokesman for Child, the national infertility support network, said the proposed guidelines should lead to a more "fair and equitable" service for infertility sufferers.
The new Finder puts a user's folders, hard drive, network servers, iDisk and removable media in one location, providing one-click access.	Panther's redesigned Finder navigation tool puts a user's favourite folders, hard drive, network servers, iDisk and removable media in one location.
But tropical storm warnings and watches were posted today for Haiti, western portions of the Dominican Republic, the southeastern Bahamas and the Turk and Caicos islands.	Tropical storm warnings were in place Thursday for Jamaica and Haiti and watches for the western Dominican Republic, the southeastern Bahamas and the Turks and Caicos islands.
A federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale ordered him held without bail.	Zuccarini was ordered held without bail Wednesday by a federal judge in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.
Six months ago, the IMF and Argentina struck a bare-minimum $6.8-billion debt rollover deal that expires in August.	But six months ago, the two sides managed to strike a $6.8-billion debt rollover deal, which expires in August.
Inhibited children tend to be timid with new people, objects, and situations, while uninhibited children spontaneously approach them.	Simply put, shy invividuals tend to be more timid with new people and situations.
I wanted to bring the most beautiful people into the most beautiful building, he said Sunday inside the Grand Central concourse.	"I wanted to bring the most beautiful people into the most beautiful building," Tunick said Sunday.
Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.	Although a small city-state, Singapore is the 12th-largest trading partner of the United States, with trade volume of $33.4 billion last year.
The AFL-CIO is waiting until October to decide if it will endorse a candidate.	The AFL-CIO announced Wednesday that it will decide in October whether to endorse a candidate before the primaries.
The largest gains were seen in prices, new orders, inventories and exports.	Sub-indexes measuring prices, new orders, inventories and exports increased.
Trading in Loral was halted yesterday; the shares closed on Monday at $3.01.	The New York Stock Exchange suspended trading yesterday in Loral, which closed at $3.01 Friday.
He plans to have dinner with troops at Kosovo's U.S. military headquarters, Camp Bondsteel.	After that, he plans to have dinner at Camp Bondsteel with U.S. troops stationed there.
Retailers J.C. Penney Co. Inc. (JCP) and Walgreen Co. (WAG) kick things off on Monday.	Retailers J.C. Penney Co. Inc. JCP.N and Walgreen Co. WAG.N kick things off on Monday.
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty.	He added that prosecutors will seek the death penalty.
Last year the court upheld Cleveland's school voucher program, ruling 5-4 that vouchers are constitutional if they provide parents a choice of religious and secular schools.	Last year, the court ruled 5-4 in an Ohio case that government vouchers are constitutional if they provide parents with choices among a range of religious and secular schools.
Sorkin, who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury, was to have been tried separately.	Sorkin was to have been tried separately on charges of conspiracy and lying to a grand jury.
The US chip market is expected to decline 2.1 percent this year, then grow 15.7 percent in 2004.	The Americas market will decline 2.1 percent to $30.6 billion in 2003, and then grow 15.7 percent to $35.4 billion in 2004.
The group will be headed by State Department official John S. Wolf, who has served in Australia, Vietnam, Greece and Pakistan.	The group will be headed by John S. Wolf, an assistant secretary of state who has served in Australia, Vietnam, Greece and Pakistan.
The company has said it plans to restate its earnings for 2000 through 2002.	The company had announced in January that it would have to restate earnings for 2002, 2001 and perhaps 2000.
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. PEP.N were likely to be in the spotlight.	Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) were likely to be in the spotlight.
"The result is an overall package that will provide significant economic growth for our employees over the next four years."	"The result is an overall package that will provide a significant economic growth for our employees over the next few years," he said.
Wal-Mart said it would check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legally employed.	It has also said it would review all of its domestic employees more than 1 million to ensure they have legal status.
The songs are on offer for 99 cents each, or $9.99 for an album.	The company will offer songs for 99 cents and albums for $9.95.
However, the talk was downplayed by PBL which said it would focus only on smaller purchases that were immediately earnings and cash flow accretive.	The talk, however,has been downplayed by PBL which said it would focus only on smaller purchases that were immediately earnings and cash flow-accretive.
Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	The stock rose 48 cents to $30 yesterday in Nasdaq Stock Market trading.
This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic .NET.	IBM said the Rational products were also integrated with Rational PurifyPlus, which allows developers to work in Java, Visual C# and VisualBasic .Net.
The Washington Post said Airlite would shut down its first shift and parts of the second shift Monday to accommodate the president’s appearance.	The plant plans to shut down its first shift and parts of the second shift Monday to accommodate the president's appearance, Crosby said.
Several of the questions asked by the audience in the fast-paced forum were new to the candidates.	Several of the audience questions were new to the candidates as well.
Meanwhile, the global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the severe acute respiratory syndrome virus first appeared in southern China in November.	The global death toll from SARS was at least 767, with more than 8,300 people sickened since the virus first appeared in southern China in November.
Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come."	Ellison said that contrary to the contentions of PeopleSoft management, Oracle intends to "fully support PeopleSoft customers and products" for many years to come.
The downtime, to take place in May and June, is expected to cut production by 60 million to 70 million board feet.	The downtime is expected to take 60 million to 70 million board feet out of the companys system.
On July 3, Troy is expected to be sentenced to life in prison without parole.	Troy faces life in prison without parole at his July 30 sentencing.
The University of Michigan released a new undergraduate admission process Thursday, dropping a point system the U.S. Supreme Court found unconstitutional in June.	The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.
The processors were announced in San Jose at the Intel Developer Forum.	The new processor was unveiled at the Intel Developer Forum 2003 in San Jose, Calif.
It said the damage to the wing provided a pathway for hot gasses to penetrate the ship's thermal armor during Columbia's ill-fated reentry.	The document says the damage to the wing provided a pathway for hot gases to penetrate Columbia's thermal armour during its fatal re-entry.
Also demonstrating box-office strength _ and getting seven Tony nominations _ was a potent revival of Eugene O'Neill's family drama, "Long Day's Journey Into Night."	Also demonstrating box-office strength -- and getting seven Tony nominations -- was a potent revival of Eugene ONeills family drama, Long Days Journey Into Night."
The top rate will go to 4.45 percent for all residents with taxable incomes above $500,000.	For residents with incomes above $500,000, the income-tax rate will increase to 4.45 percent.
But Secretary of State Colin Powell brushed off this possibility Wednesday.	Secretary of State Colin Powell last week ruled out a non-aggression treaty.
Thomas and Tauzin say, as do many doctors, that the Bush administration has the power to correct some of those flaws.	Like many doctors, Mr. Thomas and Mr. Tauzin say the Bush administration has the power to correct some of those flaws.
Based on experience elsewhere, it could take up to two years before regular elections are held, he added.	U.S. military officials have said it could take up to two years before regular elections are held, based on experiences elsewhere in the world.
The results appear in the January issue of Cancer, an American Cancer Society journal, being published online today.	The results appear in the January issue of Cancer, an American Cancer Society (news - web sites) journal, being published online Monday.
The first biotechnology treatment for asthma, the constriction of the airways that affects millions around the world, received approval from the US Food and Drug Administration yesterday.	The first biotechnology treatment for asthma, the constriction of the airways that affects millions of Americans, received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Friday.
The delegates said raising and distributing funds has been complicated by the U.S. crackdown on jihadi charitable foundations, bank accounts of terror-related organizations and money transfers.	Bin Laden’s men pointed out that raising and distributing funds has been complicated by the U.S. crackdown on jihadi charitable foundations, bank accounts of terror-related organizations and money transfers.
FBI agents arrested a former partner of Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations, U.S. officials said on Thursday.	A former partner of accountancy firm Ernst & Young was yesterday arrested by FBI agents in the US on charges of obstructing federal investigations.
The latest shooting linked to the spree was a November 11 shooting at Hamilton Central Elementary School in Obetz, about 3km from the freeway.	Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
PDC will also almost certainly fan the flames of speculation about Longhorn's release.	PDC will also almost certainly reignite speculation about release dates of Microsoft's new products.
Sales - a figure watched closely as a barometer of its health - rose 5 percent instead of falling as many industry experts had predicted.	It also disclosed that sales -- a figure closely watched by analysts as a barometer of its health -- were significantly higher than industry experts expected.
NEC is pitching its wireless gear and management software to a variety of industries, including health care and hospitality.	NEC's pitching its wireless gear and management software to a variety of industries, including healthcare and hospitality, a company spokesman said.
Elena Slough, considered to be the nation's oldest person and the third oldest person in the world, died early Sunday morning.	ELENA Slough, considered to be the oldest person in the US and the third oldest person in the world, has died.
"We are declaring war on sexual harassment and sexual assault.	"We have declared war on sexual assault and sexual harassment," Rosa said.
El Watan, an Algerian newspaper, reported that the kidnappers fiercely resisted the army assault this morning, firing Kalashnikov rifles.	El Watan, an Algerian newspaper, reported that the kidnappers put up fierce resistance during the army assault, firing Kalashnikov rifles.
Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.	Shares of Hartford were up $2.28, or 5.2 percent, to $45.90 in midday trading.
Tokyo Electric Power Co., Asia's largest power company, won approval to restart the first of 17 nuclear reactors it shut down after it admitted falsifying inspection reports.	Tokyo Electric Power Co., Asia's largest power company, restarted the first of 17 nuclear reactors it shut down after admitting it falsified inspection reports.
Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.	For the current academic year, tuition at public colleges averaged $4,694, up almost $600 from the year before.
The only announced Republican to replace Davis is Rep. Darrell Issa of Vista, who has spent $1.71 million of his own money to force a recall.	So far the only declared major party candidate is Rep. Darrell Issa, a Republican who has spent $1.5 million of his own money to fund the recall.
He said that with the U.S.-backed peace plan, or road map, “in a coma,” the attack could easily widen conflict through the region.	Mr Jouejati said that with the US-backed road map "in a coma" the attack could easily widen through the region.
A successful attack could be launched within any type of document that supports VBA, including Microsoft Word, Excel or PowerPoint.	But this could happen with any document format that supports VBA, including Word, Excel or PowerPoint.
Officials at Brandeis said this was an "extremely heartrending" time for the campus.	"This is an extremely heartrending time for the entire Brandeis University community.
Fewer than a dozen FBI agents were dispatched to secure and analyze evidence.	Fewer than a dozen FBI agents will be sent to Iraq to secure and analyze evidence of the bombing.
Those who only had surgery lived an average of 46 months.	For those who got surgery alone, median survival was 41 months.
Tonight a spokesman for Russia's foreign ministry said the ministry may issue a statement on Thursday clarifying Russia's position on cooperation with Iran's nuclear-energy efforts.	Tonight a spokesman for the Russian Foreign Ministry said it might issue a statement on Thursday clarifying Russia's position on aiding Iran's nuclear-energy efforts.
A day earlier, a committee appointed by reformist President Mohammad Khatami called for an independent judicial inquiry into Kazemi's death.	A day earlier, a committee appointed by President Mohammad Khatami had called for an independent inquiry into the 54-year-old photojournalist's death.
The suite comes complete with a word processor, spreadsheet, presentation software and other components, while continuing its tradition of utilizing an XML-based file format.	The suite includes a word processor, spreadsheet, presentation application (analogous to PowerPoint), and other components -- all built around the XML file format.
Downstream at Mount Vernon, the Skagit River was expected to crest at 36 feet -- 8 feet above flood stage -- tonight, Burke said.	The Skagit was expected to crest during the night at 38 feet at Mount Vernon, 10 feet above flood stage, the National Weather Service said.
Physicians who violate the ban would be subject to fines and up to two years in prison.	Physicians who perform the procedure would face up to two years in prison, under the bill.
For example, Anhalt said, children typically treat a 20-ounce soda bottle as one serving, although it actually contains 2 ½ 8-ounce servings.	Anhalt said children typically treat a 20-ounce soda bottle as one serving, while it actually contains 2.5.
Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers, but it also would apply to doctors providing other services, such as prenatal care, to a pregnant child under 16.	Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers, but later his office said it also would apply to doctors providing services such as prenatal care to pregnant girls under 16.
The United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency asked for information on the allegation after the dossier was published, but Britain did not provide any, U.N. officials said.	The International Atomic Energy Agency asked for information on the uranium assertions after London's dossier was published, but Britain did not provide any, U.N. officials said.
Sixteen days later, as superheated air from the shuttle's reentry rushed into the damaged wing, "there was no possibility for crew survival," the board said.	Sixteen days later, as superheated air from the shuttle’s re-entry rushed into the damaged wing, ‘‘there was no possibility for crew survival,’’ the board said.
"The free world and those who love freedom and peace must deal harshly with Hamas and the killers," he told reporters as he emerged from a church service.	"It is clear that the free world, those who love freedom and peace, must deal harshly with Hamas and the killers," he said.
Powell fired back: "He's accusing the president of a ludicrous act," he said.	If so, Powell said, he's calling the president ludicrous, too.
The decision to issue new guidance has been prompted by intelligence passed to Britain by the FBI in a secret briefing in late July.	Scotland Yard's decision to issue new guidance has been prompted by new intelligence passed to Britain by the FBI in late July.
The memo on protecting sales of Windows and other desktop software mentioned Linux, a still small but emerging software competitor that is not owned by any specific company.	The memo specifically mentioned Linux, a still small but emerging software competitor that is not owned by any specific company.
Unable to find a home for him, a judge told mental health authorities they needed to find supervised housing and treatment for DeVries somewhere in California.	The judge had told the state Department of Mental Health to find supervised housing and treatment for DeVries somewhere in California.
Also Tuesday, the United States also released more Iraqi prisoners of war, and officials announced that all would soon be let go.	Meanwhile in southern Iraq, the United States released more Iraqi prisoners of war, and officials announced that all would be let go soon.
The decision came a year after Whipple ended federal oversight of the district's racial balance, facilities, budget, and busing.	The decision came a year after Whipple ended federal oversight of school busing as well as the district's racial balance, facilities and budget.
"We had nothing to do with @Stake's internal personnel decision," Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said.	"Microsoft had absolutely nothing to do with AtStake's internal personnel decision," Sundwall said.
Prosecutors said there is no question Waagner was behind the letters, which were sent at the same time of the anthrax attacks.	Prosecutors said there is no question Waagner was behind the letters, which were sent at the same time that real anthrax attacks were killing people in 2001.
His plan would cost more than $200 billion annually, which Gephardt would pay for by repealing Bush's tax cuts.	His plan would cost over $200 billion annually and be paid for by repealing Bush's tax cuts.
There had been fears that the 35 year-old wouldn't be able to conceive after suffering two ectopic pregnancies and cancer of the uterus.	There were fears that Heather would never have children after suffering two ectopic pregnancies and cancer of the uterus.
Prosecutors said Paracha, if convicted, could face at least 17 years in prison.	Paracha faces at least 17 years in prison if convicted.
More than half of the songs were purchased as albums, Apple said.	Apple noted that half the songs were purchased as part of albums.
"This deal makes sense for both companies," Halla said in a prepared statement.	Brian Halla, CEO of NatSemi, claimed the deal made sense for both companies.
Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.	People in a van opened fire on a pickup and SUV believed to be transporting illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
Tyco later said the loan had not been forgiven, and Swartz repaid it in full, with interest, according to his lawyer, Charles Stillman.	Tyco has said the loan was not forgiven, but that Swartz fully repaid it with interest, according to his lawyer, Charles Stillman.
While Bolton apparently fell and was immobilized, Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot, razor-wire fence, Fischi said.	After the other inmate fell, Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot, razor-wire fence, Fischi said.
Ms. Haque, meanwhile, was on her turquoise cellphone with the smiley faces organizing the prom.	Fatima, meanwhile, was on her turquoise cell phone organizing the prom.
But he added that the New York-based actor and producer is "a private person and doesn't care to have his treatment out for public consumption."	But he added that De Niro is "a private person and doesn't care to have his treatment out for public consumption."
While a month's supply of aspirin can cost less than $10, the equivalent amount of ticlopidine can run significantly more than $100.	While a month's supply of aspirin can cost under $10, the equivalent amount of ticlopidine can run well over $100.
She estimated it would take three months and would require cancellation of a sub-audit of the Department of Environmental Quality.	She said it would take an estimated three months to conduct and require the cancellation of a sub-audit of the Department of Environmental Quality.
The virus kills roughly 36,000 people in an average year, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.	Complications from flu kill roughly 36,000 Americans in an average year, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
In two new schemes, people posing as IRS representatives target families of armed forces members and e-mail users.	Two new schemes target families of those serving in the military and e-mail users.
Miss Novikova said while there is no standard weight for ballerinas, Miss Volochkova is 'bigger than others'.	Commenting on the firing today, Ms. Novikova said that there was no standard weight for ballerinas but that Ms. Volochkova "is bigger than others."
Both have aired videotapes of ex-president Saddam Hussein encouraging Iraqis to fight the U.S. occupation of Iraq.	Both have aired videotapes apparently from deposed Iraqi President Saddam Hussein, encouraging Iraqis to fight the U.S. occupation.
Under the program, U.S. officials work with foreign port authorities to identify, target and search high-risk cargo.	Under the program, US officials work with foreign port authorities to seek out high-risk cargo before it can reach the United States.
And if we don't do this, innocent people on the ground are going to die, too."	Crews are told: "If we don't do this, innocent people on the ground are going to die", he said.
"It's probably not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program," he added, "but I look forward to the challenge.	"It is probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but then again, I look forward to the challenge," he said.
As a result, Nelson now faces up to 10 years' jail instead of life.	The verdict means Nelson faces up to 10 years in prison rather than a possible life sentence.
With all precincts reporting, Fletcher — a three-term congressman from Lexington — had an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote.	With all precincts reporting, Fletcher had 88,747 votes, or 57 percent of the total.
Shadrin said Khodorkovsky's aircraft was approached by officers identifying themselves as members of the FSB intelligence service, the domestic successor to the Soviet KGB.	Shadrin said Khodorkovsky's aircraft was approached by officers identifying themselves as members of the FSB domestic intelligence service.
She claimed all the babies were born full-term and died within hours, he said.	"What she told our investigators was that all the babies were born full-term and then died within hours," Hughes said.
French Foreign Minister Dominique de Villepin was scheduled to arrive Sharm el-Sheikh on Wednesday.	The French Foreign Minister, Dominique de Villepin, is also expected to attend.
They believe the same is true in humans, giving a 30 per cent higher risk of the disease.	The researchers believe the same is true in humans, translating to a 30 per cent greater risk of the disease.
U.S. law enforcement officials are sneering at Dar Heatherington's version of the events which thrust her into the public spotlight.	U.S. law enforcement officials are sneering at Dar Heatherington's version of of the events -- including a police conspiracy to discredit her -- which thrust her into the public spotlight.
The Saudi newspaper Okaz reported Monday that suspects who escaped Saturday's raid fled in a car that broke down on the outskirts of Mecca Sunday afternoon.	The newspaper Okaz reported that the six suspects arrested Sunday fled the raid in a car that broke down on the outskirts of Mecca.
Michael Mitchell, the chief public defender in Baton Rouge who is representing Lee, did not answer his phone Wednesday afternoon.	Michael Mitchell, the chief public defender in Baton Rouge who is representing Lee, was not available for comment.
In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.	In Canada, the surging dollar was in focus again as it struggled and just failed to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
They are tired of paying the high cost of CDs and DVDs and prefer more flexible forms of on-demand media delivery."	Consumers, tired of paying high prices for CDs and DVDs, are looking for flexible forms of on-demand media delivery.
"The bolt catcher is not as robust as it is supposed to be," the board's chairman, retired Adm. Hal Gehman, said.	"The bolt catcher is not as robust" as it should be, said retired Navy Admiral Harold W. Gehman Jr., the board chairman.
Morgan Stanley raised its rating on the beverage maker to "overweight" from "equal-weight" saying in part that pricing power with its bottlers should improve in 2004.	Morgan Stanley raised its rating on the company to "overweight" from "equal-weight," saying the beverage maker's pricing power with bottlers should improve in 2004.
The Interior Minister, Al Mustapha Sahel, said the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist.	Moroccan Interior Minister Al Mustapha Sahel told state-run 2M television late Saturday the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently" an apparent reference to Salafist Jihad.
The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation.	The report was found last week tucked inside a training manual that belonged to Hicks.
Muslim immigrants have used the networks - which rely on wire transfers, couriers and overnight mail - to send cash to their families overseas.	Muslim immigrants have used the networks _ which rely on wire transfers, couriers and overnight mail _ to send stashes of cash overseas to their families.
Also arrested Friday was Claudia Carrizales de Villa, 34, a Mexican citizen who lives in Harlingen.	Also arrested Friday was Claudia Carrizales de Villa, 34, a citizen of Mexico residing in the border city of Harlingen, Texas.
"We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States," Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque.	"We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States," Moqtada al-Sadr said.
Mrs Boncyk's husband, Wayne, had taken the family car to work, so his wife and children had to ride with neighbours.	Mrs. Boncyk's husband, Wayne, had taken the family's only car to work, so she and the children had to catch a ride with neighbors.
Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.	The dispute has led Ukrainian president Leonid Kuchma to cut short a state visit to Latin America.
For the weekend, the top 12 movies grossed $157.1 million, up 52 percent from the same weekend a year earlier.	The overall box office soared, with the top 12 movies grossing $157.1 million, up 52 percent from a year ago.
Platinum prices soared to 23-year highs earlier this year after President Bush (news - web sites) proposed investing $1.2 billion for research on fuel cell-powered vehicles.	Platinum prices soared to 23-year highs earlier this year after U.S. President George W. Bush proposed investing $1.2 billion for research on fuel cell-powered vehicles.
"Nobody really knows what happened except me and that guard," Kaye said, "and I can assure you that what he said happened didn't happen."	"Nobody really knows what happened there except for me and the guard, and I can assure you that what he said happened didn't happen," Kaye said.