Amrozi accused his brother, whom he called "the witness", of deliberately distorting his evidence.	Referring to him as only "the witness", Amrozi accused his brother of deliberately distorting his evidence.
They had published an advertisement on the Internet on June 10, offering the cargo for sale, he added.	On June 10, the ship's owners had published an advertisement on the Internet, offering the explosives for sale.
The stock rose $2.11, or about 11 percent, to close Friday at $21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange.	PG&E Corp. shares jumped $1.63 or 8 percent to $21.03 on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.
Revenue in the first quarter of the year dropped 15 percent from the same period a year earlier.	With the scandal hanging over Stewart's company, revenue the first quarter of the year dropped 15 percent from the same period a year earlier.
The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court.	The DVD CCA appealed that decision to the U.S. Supreme Court.
He said the foodservice pie business doesn't fit the company's long-term growth strategy.	"The foodservice pie business does not fit our long-term growth strategy.
But he added group performance would improve in the second half of the year and beyond.	De Sole said in the results statement that group performance would improve in the second half of the year and beyond.
He told The Sun newspaper that Mr. Hussein's daughters had British schools and hospitals in mind when they decided to ask for asylum.	"Saddam's daughters had British schools and hospitals in mind when they decided to ask for asylum -- especially the schools," he told The Sun.
Sheena Young of Child, the national infertility support network, hoped the guidelines would lead to a more "fair and equitable" service for infertility sufferers.	Sheena Young, a spokesman for Child, the national infertility support network, said the proposed guidelines should lead to a more "fair and equitable" service for infertility sufferers.
The new Finder puts a user's folders, hard drive, network servers, iDisk and removable media in one location, providing one-click access.	Panther's redesigned Finder navigation tool puts a user's favourite folders, hard drive, network servers, iDisk and removable media in one location.
But tropical storm warnings and watches were posted today for Haiti, western portions of the Dominican Republic, the southeastern Bahamas and the Turk and Caicos islands.	Tropical storm warnings were in place Thursday for Jamaica and Haiti and watches for the western Dominican Republic, the southeastern Bahamas and the Turks and Caicos islands.
A federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale ordered him held without bail.	Zuccarini was ordered held without bail Wednesday by a federal judge in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.
Six months ago, the IMF and Argentina struck a bare-minimum $6.8-billion debt rollover deal that expires in August.	But six months ago, the two sides managed to strike a $6.8-billion debt rollover deal, which expires in August.
Inhibited children tend to be timid with new people, objects, and situations, while uninhibited children spontaneously approach them.	Simply put, shy invividuals tend to be more timid with new people and situations.
I wanted to bring the most beautiful people into the most beautiful building, he said Sunday inside the Grand Central concourse.	"I wanted to bring the most beautiful people into the most beautiful building," Tunick said Sunday.
Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.	Although a small city-state, Singapore is the 12th-largest trading partner of the United States, with trade volume of $33.4 billion last year.
The AFL-CIO is waiting until October to decide if it will endorse a candidate.	The AFL-CIO announced Wednesday that it will decide in October whether to endorse a candidate before the primaries.
The largest gains were seen in prices, new orders, inventories and exports.	Sub-indexes measuring prices, new orders, inventories and exports increased.
Trading in Loral was halted yesterday; the shares closed on Monday at $3.01.	The New York Stock Exchange suspended trading yesterday in Loral, which closed at $3.01 Friday.
He plans to have dinner with troops at Kosovo's U.S. military headquarters, Camp Bondsteel.	After that, he plans to have dinner at Camp Bondsteel with U.S. troops stationed there.
Retailers J.C. Penney Co. Inc. (JCP) and Walgreen Co. (WAG) kick things off on Monday.	Retailers J.C. Penney Co. Inc. JCP.N and Walgreen Co. WAG.N kick things off on Monday.
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty.	He added that prosecutors will seek the death penalty.
Last year the court upheld Cleveland's school voucher program, ruling 5-4 that vouchers are constitutional if they provide parents a choice of religious and secular schools.	Last year, the court ruled 5-4 in an Ohio case that government vouchers are constitutional if they provide parents with choices among a range of religious and secular schools.
Sorkin, who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury, was to have been tried separately.	Sorkin was to have been tried separately on charges of conspiracy and lying to a grand jury.
The US chip market is expected to decline 2.1 percent this year, then grow 15.7 percent in 2004.	The Americas market will decline 2.1 percent to $30.6 billion in 2003, and then grow 15.7 percent to $35.4 billion in 2004.
The group will be headed by State Department official John S. Wolf, who has served in Australia, Vietnam, Greece and Pakistan.	The group will be headed by John S. Wolf, an assistant secretary of state who has served in Australia, Vietnam, Greece and Pakistan.
The company has said it plans to restate its earnings for 2000 through 2002.	The company had announced in January that it would have to restate earnings for 2002, 2001 and perhaps 2000.
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. PEP.N were likely to be in the spotlight.	Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) were likely to be in the spotlight.
"The result is an overall package that will provide significant economic growth for our employees over the next four years."	"The result is an overall package that will provide a significant economic growth for our employees over the next few years," he said.
Wal-Mart said it would check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legally employed.	It has also said it would review all of its domestic employees more than 1 million to ensure they have legal status.
The songs are on offer for 99 cents each, or $9.99 for an album.	The company will offer songs for 99 cents and albums for $9.95.
However, the talk was downplayed by PBL which said it would focus only on smaller purchases that were immediately earnings and cash flow accretive.	The talk, however,has been downplayed by PBL which said it would focus only on smaller purchases that were immediately earnings and cash flow-accretive.
Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	The stock rose 48 cents to $30 yesterday in Nasdaq Stock Market trading.
This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic .NET.	IBM said the Rational products were also integrated with Rational PurifyPlus, which allows developers to work in Java, Visual C# and VisualBasic .Net.
The Washington Post said Airlite would shut down its first shift and parts of the second shift Monday to accommodate the president’s appearance.	The plant plans to shut down its first shift and parts of the second shift Monday to accommodate the president's appearance, Crosby said.
Several of the questions asked by the audience in the fast-paced forum were new to the candidates.	Several of the audience questions were new to the candidates as well.
Meanwhile, the global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the severe acute respiratory syndrome virus first appeared in southern China in November.	The global death toll from SARS was at least 767, with more than 8,300 people sickened since the virus first appeared in southern China in November.
Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come."	Ellison said that contrary to the contentions of PeopleSoft management, Oracle intends to "fully support PeopleSoft customers and products" for many years to come.
The downtime, to take place in May and June, is expected to cut production by 60 million to 70 million board feet.	The downtime is expected to take 60 million to 70 million board feet out of the companys system.
On July 3, Troy is expected to be sentenced to life in prison without parole.	Troy faces life in prison without parole at his July 30 sentencing.
The University of Michigan released a new undergraduate admission process Thursday, dropping a point system the U.S. Supreme Court found unconstitutional in June.	The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.
The processors were announced in San Jose at the Intel Developer Forum.	The new processor was unveiled at the Intel Developer Forum 2003 in San Jose, Calif.
It said the damage to the wing provided a pathway for hot gasses to penetrate the ship's thermal armor during Columbia's ill-fated reentry.	The document says the damage to the wing provided a pathway for hot gases to penetrate Columbia's thermal armour during its fatal re-entry.
Also demonstrating box-office strength _ and getting seven Tony nominations _ was a potent revival of Eugene O'Neill's family drama, "Long Day's Journey Into Night."	Also demonstrating box-office strength -- and getting seven Tony nominations -- was a potent revival of Eugene ONeills family drama, Long Days Journey Into Night."
The top rate will go to 4.45 percent for all residents with taxable incomes above $500,000.	For residents with incomes above $500,000, the income-tax rate will increase to 4.45 percent.
But Secretary of State Colin Powell brushed off this possibility Wednesday.	Secretary of State Colin Powell last week ruled out a non-aggression treaty.
Thomas and Tauzin say, as do many doctors, that the Bush administration has the power to correct some of those flaws.	Like many doctors, Mr. Thomas and Mr. Tauzin say the Bush administration has the power to correct some of those flaws.
Based on experience elsewhere, it could take up to two years before regular elections are held, he added.	U.S. military officials have said it could take up to two years before regular elections are held, based on experiences elsewhere in the world.
The results appear in the January issue of Cancer, an American Cancer Society journal, being published online today.	The results appear in the January issue of Cancer, an American Cancer Society (news - web sites) journal, being published online Monday.
The first biotechnology treatment for asthma, the constriction of the airways that affects millions around the world, received approval from the US Food and Drug Administration yesterday.	The first biotechnology treatment for asthma, the constriction of the airways that affects millions of Americans, received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Friday.
The delegates said raising and distributing funds has been complicated by the U.S. crackdown on jihadi charitable foundations, bank accounts of terror-related organizations and money transfers.	Bin Laden’s men pointed out that raising and distributing funds has been complicated by the U.S. crackdown on jihadi charitable foundations, bank accounts of terror-related organizations and money transfers.
FBI agents arrested a former partner of Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations, U.S. officials said on Thursday.	A former partner of accountancy firm Ernst & Young was yesterday arrested by FBI agents in the US on charges of obstructing federal investigations.
The latest shooting linked to the spree was a November 11 shooting at Hamilton Central Elementary School in Obetz, about 3km from the freeway.	Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
PDC will also almost certainly fan the flames of speculation about Longhorn's release.	PDC will also almost certainly reignite speculation about release dates of Microsoft's new products.
Sales - a figure watched closely as a barometer of its health - rose 5 percent instead of falling as many industry experts had predicted.	It also disclosed that sales -- a figure closely watched by analysts as a barometer of its health -- were significantly higher than industry experts expected.
NEC is pitching its wireless gear and management software to a variety of industries, including health care and hospitality.	NEC's pitching its wireless gear and management software to a variety of industries, including healthcare and hospitality, a company spokesman said.
Elena Slough, considered to be the nation's oldest person and the third oldest person in the world, died early Sunday morning.	ELENA Slough, considered to be the oldest person in the US and the third oldest person in the world, has died.
"We are declaring war on sexual harassment and sexual assault.	"We have declared war on sexual assault and sexual harassment," Rosa said.
El Watan, an Algerian newspaper, reported that the kidnappers fiercely resisted the army assault this morning, firing Kalashnikov rifles.	El Watan, an Algerian newspaper, reported that the kidnappers put up fierce resistance during the army assault, firing Kalashnikov rifles.
Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.	Shares of Hartford were up $2.28, or 5.2 percent, to $45.90 in midday trading.
Tokyo Electric Power Co., Asia's largest power company, won approval to restart the first of 17 nuclear reactors it shut down after it admitted falsifying inspection reports.	Tokyo Electric Power Co., Asia's largest power company, restarted the first of 17 nuclear reactors it shut down after admitting it falsified inspection reports.
Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.	For the current academic year, tuition at public colleges averaged $4,694, up almost $600 from the year before.
The only announced Republican to replace Davis is Rep. Darrell Issa of Vista, who has spent $1.71 million of his own money to force a recall.	So far the only declared major party candidate is Rep. Darrell Issa, a Republican who has spent $1.5 million of his own money to fund the recall.
He said that with the U.S.-backed peace plan, or road map, “in a coma,” the attack could easily widen conflict through the region.	Mr Jouejati said that with the US-backed road map "in a coma" the attack could easily widen through the region.
A successful attack could be launched within any type of document that supports VBA, including Microsoft Word, Excel or PowerPoint.	But this could happen with any document format that supports VBA, including Word, Excel or PowerPoint.
Officials at Brandeis said this was an "extremely heartrending" time for the campus.	"This is an extremely heartrending time for the entire Brandeis University community.
Fewer than a dozen FBI agents were dispatched to secure and analyze evidence.	Fewer than a dozen FBI agents will be sent to Iraq to secure and analyze evidence of the bombing.
Those who only had surgery lived an average of 46 months.	For those who got surgery alone, median survival was 41 months.
Tonight a spokesman for Russia's foreign ministry said the ministry may issue a statement on Thursday clarifying Russia's position on cooperation with Iran's nuclear-energy efforts.	Tonight a spokesman for the Russian Foreign Ministry said it might issue a statement on Thursday clarifying Russia's position on aiding Iran's nuclear-energy efforts.
A day earlier, a committee appointed by reformist President Mohammad Khatami called for an independent judicial inquiry into Kazemi's death.	A day earlier, a committee appointed by President Mohammad Khatami had called for an independent inquiry into the 54-year-old photojournalist's death.
The suite comes complete with a word processor, spreadsheet, presentation software and other components, while continuing its tradition of utilizing an XML-based file format.	The suite includes a word processor, spreadsheet, presentation application (analogous to PowerPoint), and other components -- all built around the XML file format.
Downstream at Mount Vernon, the Skagit River was expected to crest at 36 feet -- 8 feet above flood stage -- tonight, Burke said.	The Skagit was expected to crest during the night at 38 feet at Mount Vernon, 10 feet above flood stage, the National Weather Service said.
Physicians who violate the ban would be subject to fines and up to two years in prison.	Physicians who perform the procedure would face up to two years in prison, under the bill.
For example, Anhalt said, children typically treat a 20-ounce soda bottle as one serving, although it actually contains 2 ½ 8-ounce servings.	Anhalt said children typically treat a 20-ounce soda bottle as one serving, while it actually contains 2.5.
Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers, but it also would apply to doctors providing other services, such as prenatal care, to a pregnant child under 16.	Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers, but later his office said it also would apply to doctors providing services such as prenatal care to pregnant girls under 16.
The United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency asked for information on the allegation after the dossier was published, but Britain did not provide any, U.N. officials said.	The International Atomic Energy Agency asked for information on the uranium assertions after London's dossier was published, but Britain did not provide any, U.N. officials said.
Sixteen days later, as superheated air from the shuttle's reentry rushed into the damaged wing, "there was no possibility for crew survival," the board said.	Sixteen days later, as superheated air from the shuttle’s re-entry rushed into the damaged wing, ‘‘there was no possibility for crew survival,’’ the board said.
"The free world and those who love freedom and peace must deal harshly with Hamas and the killers," he told reporters as he emerged from a church service.	"It is clear that the free world, those who love freedom and peace, must deal harshly with Hamas and the killers," he said.
Powell fired back: "He's accusing the president of a ludicrous act," he said.	If so, Powell said, he's calling the president ludicrous, too.
The decision to issue new guidance has been prompted by intelligence passed to Britain by the FBI in a secret briefing in late July.	Scotland Yard's decision to issue new guidance has been prompted by new intelligence passed to Britain by the FBI in late July.
The memo on protecting sales of Windows and other desktop software mentioned Linux, a still small but emerging software competitor that is not owned by any specific company.	The memo specifically mentioned Linux, a still small but emerging software competitor that is not owned by any specific company.
Unable to find a home for him, a judge told mental health authorities they needed to find supervised housing and treatment for DeVries somewhere in California.	The judge had told the state Department of Mental Health to find supervised housing and treatment for DeVries somewhere in California.
Also Tuesday, the United States also released more Iraqi prisoners of war, and officials announced that all would soon be let go.	Meanwhile in southern Iraq, the United States released more Iraqi prisoners of war, and officials announced that all would be let go soon.
The decision came a year after Whipple ended federal oversight of the district's racial balance, facilities, budget, and busing.	The decision came a year after Whipple ended federal oversight of school busing as well as the district's racial balance, facilities and budget.
"We had nothing to do with @Stake's internal personnel decision," Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said.	"Microsoft had absolutely nothing to do with AtStake's internal personnel decision," Sundwall said.
Prosecutors said there is no question Waagner was behind the letters, which were sent at the same time of the anthrax attacks.	Prosecutors said there is no question Waagner was behind the letters, which were sent at the same time that real anthrax attacks were killing people in 2001.
His plan would cost more than $200 billion annually, which Gephardt would pay for by repealing Bush's tax cuts.	His plan would cost over $200 billion annually and be paid for by repealing Bush's tax cuts.
There had been fears that the 35 year-old wouldn't be able to conceive after suffering two ectopic pregnancies and cancer of the uterus.	There were fears that Heather would never have children after suffering two ectopic pregnancies and cancer of the uterus.
Prosecutors said Paracha, if convicted, could face at least 17 years in prison.	Paracha faces at least 17 years in prison if convicted.
More than half of the songs were purchased as albums, Apple said.	Apple noted that half the songs were purchased as part of albums.
"This deal makes sense for both companies," Halla said in a prepared statement.	Brian Halla, CEO of NatSemi, claimed the deal made sense for both companies.
Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.	People in a van opened fire on a pickup and SUV believed to be transporting illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
Tyco later said the loan had not been forgiven, and Swartz repaid it in full, with interest, according to his lawyer, Charles Stillman.	Tyco has said the loan was not forgiven, but that Swartz fully repaid it with interest, according to his lawyer, Charles Stillman.
While Bolton apparently fell and was immobilized, Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot, razor-wire fence, Fischi said.	After the other inmate fell, Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot, razor-wire fence, Fischi said.
Ms. Haque, meanwhile, was on her turquoise cellphone with the smiley faces organizing the prom.	Fatima, meanwhile, was on her turquoise cell phone organizing the prom.
But he added that the New York-based actor and producer is "a private person and doesn't care to have his treatment out for public consumption."	But he added that De Niro is "a private person and doesn't care to have his treatment out for public consumption."
While a month's supply of aspirin can cost less than $10, the equivalent amount of ticlopidine can run significantly more than $100.	While a month's supply of aspirin can cost under $10, the equivalent amount of ticlopidine can run well over $100.
She estimated it would take three months and would require cancellation of a sub-audit of the Department of Environmental Quality.	She said it would take an estimated three months to conduct and require the cancellation of a sub-audit of the Department of Environmental Quality.
The virus kills roughly 36,000 people in an average year, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.	Complications from flu kill roughly 36,000 Americans in an average year, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
In two new schemes, people posing as IRS representatives target families of armed forces members and e-mail users.	Two new schemes target families of those serving in the military and e-mail users.
Miss Novikova said while there is no standard weight for ballerinas, Miss Volochkova is 'bigger than others'.	Commenting on the firing today, Ms. Novikova said that there was no standard weight for ballerinas but that Ms. Volochkova "is bigger than others."
Both have aired videotapes of ex-president Saddam Hussein encouraging Iraqis to fight the U.S. occupation of Iraq.	Both have aired videotapes apparently from deposed Iraqi President Saddam Hussein, encouraging Iraqis to fight the U.S. occupation.
Under the program, U.S. officials work with foreign port authorities to identify, target and search high-risk cargo.	Under the program, US officials work with foreign port authorities to seek out high-risk cargo before it can reach the United States.
And if we don't do this, innocent people on the ground are going to die, too."	Crews are told: "If we don't do this, innocent people on the ground are going to die", he said.
"It's probably not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program," he added, "but I look forward to the challenge.	"It is probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but then again, I look forward to the challenge," he said.
As a result, Nelson now faces up to 10 years' jail instead of life.	The verdict means Nelson faces up to 10 years in prison rather than a possible life sentence.
With all precincts reporting, Fletcher — a three-term congressman from Lexington — had an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote.	With all precincts reporting, Fletcher had 88,747 votes, or 57 percent of the total.
Shadrin said Khodorkovsky's aircraft was approached by officers identifying themselves as members of the FSB intelligence service, the domestic successor to the Soviet KGB.	Shadrin said Khodorkovsky's aircraft was approached by officers identifying themselves as members of the FSB domestic intelligence service.
She claimed all the babies were born full-term and died within hours, he said.	"What she told our investigators was that all the babies were born full-term and then died within hours," Hughes said.
French Foreign Minister Dominique de Villepin was scheduled to arrive Sharm el-Sheikh on Wednesday.	The French Foreign Minister, Dominique de Villepin, is also expected to attend.
They believe the same is true in humans, giving a 30 per cent higher risk of the disease.	The researchers believe the same is true in humans, translating to a 30 per cent greater risk of the disease.
U.S. law enforcement officials are sneering at Dar Heatherington's version of the events which thrust her into the public spotlight.	U.S. law enforcement officials are sneering at Dar Heatherington's version of of the events -- including a police conspiracy to discredit her -- which thrust her into the public spotlight.
The Saudi newspaper Okaz reported Monday that suspects who escaped Saturday's raid fled in a car that broke down on the outskirts of Mecca Sunday afternoon.	The newspaper Okaz reported that the six suspects arrested Sunday fled the raid in a car that broke down on the outskirts of Mecca.
Michael Mitchell, the chief public defender in Baton Rouge who is representing Lee, did not answer his phone Wednesday afternoon.	Michael Mitchell, the chief public defender in Baton Rouge who is representing Lee, was not available for comment.
In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.	In Canada, the surging dollar was in focus again as it struggled and just failed to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
They are tired of paying the high cost of CDs and DVDs and prefer more flexible forms of on-demand media delivery."	Consumers, tired of paying high prices for CDs and DVDs, are looking for flexible forms of on-demand media delivery.
"The bolt catcher is not as robust as it is supposed to be," the board's chairman, retired Adm. Hal Gehman, said.	"The bolt catcher is not as robust" as it should be, said retired Navy Admiral Harold W. Gehman Jr., the board chairman.
Morgan Stanley raised its rating on the beverage maker to "overweight" from "equal-weight" saying in part that pricing power with its bottlers should improve in 2004.	Morgan Stanley raised its rating on the company to "overweight" from "equal-weight," saying the beverage maker's pricing power with bottlers should improve in 2004.
The Interior Minister, Al Mustapha Sahel, said the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist.	Moroccan Interior Minister Al Mustapha Sahel told state-run 2M television late Saturday the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently" an apparent reference to Salafist Jihad.
The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation.	The report was found last week tucked inside a training manual that belonged to Hicks.
Muslim immigrants have used the networks - which rely on wire transfers, couriers and overnight mail - to send cash to their families overseas.	Muslim immigrants have used the networks _ which rely on wire transfers, couriers and overnight mail _ to send stashes of cash overseas to their families.
Also arrested Friday was Claudia Carrizales de Villa, 34, a Mexican citizen who lives in Harlingen.	Also arrested Friday was Claudia Carrizales de Villa, 34, a citizen of Mexico residing in the border city of Harlingen, Texas.
"We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States," Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque.	"We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States," Moqtada al-Sadr said.
Mrs Boncyk's husband, Wayne, had taken the family car to work, so his wife and children had to ride with neighbours.	Mrs. Boncyk's husband, Wayne, had taken the family's only car to work, so she and the children had to catch a ride with neighbors.
Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.	The dispute has led Ukrainian president Leonid Kuchma to cut short a state visit to Latin America.
For the weekend, the top 12 movies grossed $157.1 million, up 52 percent from the same weekend a year earlier.	The overall box office soared, with the top 12 movies grossing $157.1 million, up 52 percent from a year ago.
Platinum prices soared to 23-year highs earlier this year after President Bush (news - web sites) proposed investing $1.2 billion for research on fuel cell-powered vehicles.	Platinum prices soared to 23-year highs earlier this year after U.S. President George W. Bush proposed investing $1.2 billion for research on fuel cell-powered vehicles.
"Nobody really knows what happened except me and that guard," Kaye said, "and I can assure you that what he said happened didn't happen."	"Nobody really knows what happened there except for me and the guard, and I can assure you that what he said happened didn't happen," Kaye said.
At the time federal investigators were looking into how CFSB allocated shares of initial public stock offerings.	A federal grand jury and the Securities and Exchange Commission were looking into how the company allocated shares of initial public stock offerings.
October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.	October heating oil ended down 0.41 cent to 70.74 cents a gallon.
By 2007, antivirus solutions will carry a worldwide price tag of $4.4 billion--double that of five years earlier.	By 2007, antivirus solutions will carry a worldwide price tag double that of 2002: $4.4 billion.
ConAgra stock closed Monday on the New York Stock Exchange at $21.63 a share, down 11 cents.	ConAgra shares closed Monday at $21.63 a share, down 11 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange.
One of the features is the ability to delete data on a handheld device or lock down the device should a user lose it.	One of the features is the ability to delete data on a handheld device if a user loses or locks down the device.
Last month Intel raised its revenue guidance for the quarter to between $7.6 billion and $7.8 billion.	At the end of the second quarter, Intel initially predicted sales of between $6.9 billion and $7.5 billion.
"I just got carried away and started making stuff," Byrne said.	Byrne says he got carried away with PowerPoint and just "started making stuff."
Georgia cannot afford to not get funding," said Dr. Melinda Rowe, Chatham County's health director.	Georgia cannot afford to not get funding," said county health director Dr. Melinda Rowe.
Handspring shareholders will get 0.09 shares of the parent company, Palm, Inc., for each share of Handspring common stock they currently own.	Handspring's shareholders will receive 0.09 Palm shares (and no shares of PalmSource) for each share of Handspring common stock they own.
Shares of Microsoft rose 50 cents Friday to close at $28.34 a share on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Microsoft's stock was up 50 cents, to $28.34 a share in New York yesterday.
Based on having at least one of the symptoms, most students had been hung over between three and 11 times in the previous year.	On average the students suffered at least one of the 13 symptoms between three and 11 times in the last year.
Tibco has used the Rendezvous name since 1994 for several of its technology products, according to the Palo Alto, California company.	Tibco has used the Rendezvous name since 1994 for several of its technology products, it said.
A few thousand troops, most from the division's 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week, with flights continuing through Friday.	Several thousand 3rd Infantry troops, including the 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, Ga., began returning last week.
In a televised interview on Wednesday, ECB President Wim Duisenberg said it was too soon to discuss further interest rate cuts in the 12-nation euro zone.	European Central Bank President Wim Duisenberg said in a televised interview that it was too soon to discuss further interest rate cuts in the euro zone.
Teenagers at high schools where condoms were available were no more likely to have sex than other teens, a study published Wednesday finds.	Teen-agers at high schools where condoms are available are no more likely to have sex than other teens, a study says.
Later in the day, however, a former Intel executive turned the tables in a speech where he blasted wireless as being too complicated and too difficult to install.	And Thursday, a former Intel exec blasted wireless as too insecure, too complicated, and too difficult to install.
He is charged in three bombings in Atlanta _ including a blast at the 1996 Olympics _ along with the bombing in Alabama.	He is charged in three bombings in Atlanta including a blast at the 1996 Olympics and one in Alabama.
On Thursday, a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely.	On Thursday, a Post article argued that a 50-basis-point cut was most likely.
He is one of two Democrats on the five-member FCC, and he is a strong advocate of harsher penalties against radio and television stations that violate indecency laws.	Copps, one of two Democrats on the five-member commission, has pushed for harsher penalties against radio and television stations that violate indecency laws.
State media said there were at least 770 dead and over 5,600 injured.	The latest toll given by officials to state media was 643 dead and over 4,600 injured.
The March downturn was the only break in what has been broad growth in services for the past 15 months.	A downturn in services activity in March was the only break in what has been broad growth in services for the past 15 months.
In the first three months of 2003 alone, weekly earnings adjusted for inflation fell 1.5% -- the biggest drop in more than a decade," Lieberman said.	In the first quarter of this year, weekly earnings adjusted for inflation fell 1.5 percent - the biggest drop in more than a decade.
The statistical analysis was published Tuesday in Circulation, a journal of the American Heart Association (news - web sites).	Their findings were published Monday in Circulation: The Journal of the American Heart Association.
President George W. Bush and top administration officials cited the threat from Iraq's banned weapons programs as the main justification for going to war.	President Bush and top officials in his administration cited the threat from Iraq's alleged chemical and biological weapons and nuclear weapons program as the main justification for going to war.
The epidemic began in November in the mainland's Guangdong province, but the People's Republic of China refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.	The PRC epidemic began in Guandong province in November, but the Communist Party government refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.
IG Farben's 500 properties were valued at around 38-million euros (about R300-million) and the firm had debts totalling about 28-million.	IG Farben's 500 properties were valued at around 38 million euros ($43.63 million) and the firm had debts totalling some 28 million euros.
The agent, Bassem Youssef, filed the lawsuit on Friday in Federal District Court for the District of Columbia.	The lawsuit was filed on Friday at the US District Court for the District of Columbia.
"Smallpox is not the only threat to the public's health, and vaccination is not the only tool for smallpox preparedness," Strom said.	"Smallpox is not the only threat to the nation's health, and vaccination is not the only tool for preparedness," his introductory statement says.
Mr Abbas said: "Every day without an agreement is an opportunity that was lost.	His Palestinian counterpart, Mahmoud Abbas, replied that "every day without an agreement is an opportunity that was lost.
We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue."	Alhart said the governor "remains hopeful that the city will continue to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions."
Later in the day, a standoff developed between French soldiers and a Hema battlewagon that attempted to pass the UN compound.	French soldiers later threatened to open fire on a Hema battlewagon that tried to pass near the UN compound.
"By its actions, the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war," Lieberman said.	"By its actions, the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war," the Connecticut Democrat told a Capitol Hill news conference.
ONG KONG, July 9 Tens of thousands of demonstrators gathered tonight before the legislature building here to call for free elections and the resignation of Hong Kong's leader.	Tens of thousands of demonstrators gathered yesterday evening to stand before this city's legislature building and call for free elections and the resignation of Hong Kong's leader.
About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire.	The jurors were taken into the courtroom in groups of 40 and asked to fill out a questionnaire.
The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year.	Nvidia's acquisition has been approved by directors at both companies, and is expected to close in the Nvidia's third quarter of fiscal 2004.
The 39-year-old Luster initially gave police a false name, but later revealed his true identity.	Barrera said Luster gave police a false name immediately after his arrest Wednesday but later revealed his true identity.
If the companies won't, their drugs could be prescribed to Medicaid patients only with the state's say-so.	If a company won't do so, its drugs could be prescribed to Medicaid patients only with the state's say-so.
Saddam loyalists have been blamed for sabotaging the nation's infrastructure, as well as frequent attacks on U.S. soldiers.	Hussein loyalists have been blamed for sabotaging the nation's infrastructure and attacking US soldiers.
Singer Brandy and her husband, Robert Smith, have called it quits.	Brandy and Husband SplitR'n'b star Brandy and Robert Smith, her husband of two years have split up.
She told Murray, "We ... we have ... the fresh air is going down fast!"	"The fresh air is going down fast!" she screamed at Murray.
"The president's campaign in 2000 set a standard for disclosure in political fund raising, and the campaign will again in 2004," Bush campaign spokesman Dan Ronayne said.	"The president's campaign in 2000 set a standard for disclosure in political fund raising and the campaign will again in 2004," said Dan Ronayne, a campaign spokesman.
On April 11, Mayor Bart Peterson said it was "inconceivable" that the airline would resume operations at the base that had employed 1,500 workers, including 1,100 mechanics.	On April 11, Mayor Bart Peterson conceded that the facility's fate was inevitable, quashing the hopes of the airline's 1,500 local workers, including 1,100 mechanics.
Its closest living relatives are a family frogs called sooglossidae that are found only in the Seychelles in the Indian Ocean.	Its closest relative is found in the Seychelles Archipelago, near Madagascar in the Indian Ocean.
Another was in serious condition at Northwest Medical Center in Springdale.	At Northwest Medical Center of Washington County in Springdale, one child is in serious condition.
With the exception of dancing, physical activity did not decrease the risk.	Dancing was the only physical activity associated with a lower risk of dementia.
Williams was White, and four of his victims were Black; the fifth was White.	Four of those killed by Williams were black; the other was white.
A hearing on the matter was held Thursday morning in Fulton County Superior Court, marking one of the early steps in deciding the case of Matthew Whitley.	A hearing Thursday morning before Judge Elizabeth Long in Fulton County Superior Court marked one of the first steps in deciding the case of Matthew Whitley.
Atlantic Coast will continue its operations as a Delta Connections carrier.	It will continue its regional service for Delta Air Lines DAL.N , Atlantic Coast said.
"It's amazing to be part of an industry that rewards its young," said Hernandez, who is a recent graduate of Parsons School of Design.	"It's amazing to be part of an industry that rewards its young," said Hernandez, who only graduated from Parsons School of Design last May.
The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.	Sir Richard was speaking after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.	Ryan Harvey, a high school outfielder from Florida, was chosen sixth by the Cubs.
Thomas was joined in full by Rehnquist, and in parts by O'Connor and Scalia.	He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Antonin Scalia.
The bulk of the funds, some $65 billion, will go for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.	The bulk of the bill - $64.7 billion - goes for military operations primarily in Iraq and Afghanistan.
The new capabilities will provide IBM customers a way to create, publish, manage and archive Web-based content within a corporate intranet, extranet and Internet environment.	The product will be targeted at companies that need to create, publish, manage and archive web-based content within a corporate intranet, extranet and internet environment.
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor.	When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, who teaches law at the University of California, Berkeley.
A $500 million natural-gas-fired power plant, for example, could replace up to $100 million in boilers yearly without adding new smog controls.	A $500 million coal-fired power plant, for example, could replace $100 million in equipment yearly without adding new pollution controls.
On Sunday, the experts will perform the first simultaneous release of five whales from a single stranding incident in the United States.	Today, the experts will perform the United States' first simultaneous release of five whales from a single stranding incident.
Gov. Rick Perry has said that while he opposes gambling expansion, he would be reluctant to veto continuation of the Lottery Commission.	Gov. Rick Perry opposes expansion of gambling but has said he would be "hard-pressed" to veto the lottery sunset bill.
Typhoon Maemi later moved out over the Sea of Japan, where it weakened considerably, the meteorology department said.	Typhoon Maemi was on Saturday night moving over the Sea of Japan, where it had weakened considerably, the meteorology department said.
Along with chip.m.aker Intel, the companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., International Business Machines Corp., Gateway Inc., Nokia Corp. and others.	Along with chip maker Intel, the companies include Sony, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, International Business Machines, Gateway, Nokia and others.
Officials developed plans to burn about 2,000 acres of dense forest near the park's southwest border by dropping incendiary devices, hoping to burn off fuel from the wildfire's path.	Officials tentatively planned to burn about 2,000 acres of dense forest by dropping incendiary devices from the air, aiming to remove fuel from the wildfire's path.
"It still remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short-lived or long-lived," Mr. Sprayregen said.	"It remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short- or long-lived," said James Sprayregen, UAL bankruptcy attorney, in court.
Some 14,000 customers were without power in the area, Oklahoma Gas and Electric said.	About 38,000 OGE Energy Corp. customers are without power, the company said on its Web site.
"The SIA forecast reflects the new realities of the semiconductor industry of an 8-10 percent" growth rate, George Scalise, the trade association's president, said in a statement.	"The SIA forecast reflects the new realities of the semiconductor industry of an 8-10 per cent'' growth rate", said George Scalise, the association's president.
Eighty-six seriously wounded U.N. workers were airlifted out for medical care.	Eighty-six U.N. workers who were wounded in Tuesday's bombing were airlifted out for medical care.
Burns believed that confessing a crime he did not commit was the only way out, Richardson said.	To the frightened Burns, Richardson said, confessing a crime he did not commit looked like the only out.
Phone calls to Spitzer's office, Citigroup and Goldman Sachs were not immediately returned.	A message left with Spitzer's office as well as Citigroup and Goldman Sachs were not immediately returned.
Instead, the high court said that drug makers did not adequately show why the plan should be prevented from taking effect.	Stevens said that the drug manufacturers had not shown why the plan should be prevented from taking effect.
Medical experts said the condition was mildly worrying but easily-manageable.	Medical experts said Blair's problem was worrying but relatively common and easily manageable.
Joan B. Kroc, the billionaire widow of McDonald's Corp. founder Ray Kroc, died Sunday after a brief bout with brain cancer.	Joan B. Kroc, the billionaire widow of McDonald's founder Ray Kroc known for her philanthropy, died Sunday of brain cancer.
The company has expanded into providing other services for buyers, including payment services.	The company has expanded those basic services, offering payment and even financing.
A Lamar mother arrested Saturday in Colorado Springs is accused of drowning her two children in a bathtub before slitting her wrists.	A 32-year-old mother of two is suspected of drowning her children in a bathtub before slashing her wrists in an unsuccessful suicide attempt, police said.
She was surrounded by about 50 women who regret having abortions.	She was surrounded by about 50 women who have had abortions but now regret doing so.
Revelations of the expenditures shocked some employees at Delta, an airline that is cutting jobs as it struggles with increased security costs and fewer passengers.	Revelations of the expenditures shocked some employees at Delta, an airline that has posted huge losses and cut jobs as it struggles with increased security costs and fewer passengers.
The search was concentrated in northeast Pennsylvania, but State Police Trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could have traveled hundreds of miles by now.	The search was concentrated in northeastern Pennsylvania, but State Police Trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could be out of the area.
Researchers at Sweden's Karolinska Institute reanalyzed data from more than 2,000 infants who had been treated with radiation for a benign birthmark condition between 1930 and 1959.	Researchers at Sweden's Karolinska Institute recently went over data from more than 2,000 children treated with radiation for a harmless birthmark condition between 1930 and 1959.
The state, which previously conducted two triple executions and two double executions, says the policy is designed to reduce stress on its prison staff.	The state previously conducted two triple executions and two double executions, a practice it says is intended to reduce stress on the prison staff.
The little girl, the daughter of a teller, was taken to the bank after a doctor's appointment.	Earlier in the evening, the mother, whom authorities did not identify, had brought her daughter to the bank after a doctor's appointment.
At least 23 U.S. troops have been killed by hostile fire since Bush declared major combat in Iraq to be over on May 1.	At least 26 American troops have been killed in hostile fire since major combat was officially declared over on May 1.
"Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset," the company said in a statement.	Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chip-set."
Even later in life, he was still cashing in: lately, he earned money by calling fans on the telephone with the service www.HollywoodIsCalling.com.	Lately, he had earned money by calling fans on the telephone, taking part in the service www.HollywoodIsCalling.com.
In a statement, the company said both bids would allow Vivendi to "maintain a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation with excellent growth potential."	It also added that both proposals would allow Vivendi Uni to maintain "a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation with excellent growth potential."
In Vienna, the IAEA said ElBaradei would accept the invitation, although no date had yet been set.	In Vienna, the International Atomic Energy Agency said on Monday ElBaradei had accepted Iran's invitation, but said no date had yet been set.
Strikingly, the poll saw little difference between women and men in their feelings towards Mrs Clinton.	Strikingly, the poll saw very little difference between women and men in their feelings about the former First Lady.
From July 1, 2002, to June 30, 2003, the organization said it spent $114.3 million but took in only $39.5 million.	Between July 1, 2002 and June 30, 2003, the Red Cross spent $114 million on disaster relief, while taking in only $39.5 million.
The 20 master computers are located in the United States, Canada and Korea, Mr. Kuo said.	The computers were located in the United States, Canada and South Korea, he said.
They said: “We believe that the time has come for legislation to make public places smoke-free.	"The time has come to make public places smoke-free," they wrote in a letter to the Times newspaper.
Milwaukee prosecutors charged a church minister with physical abuse in the death of an 8-year-old autistic boy who died during a healing service.	A church minister was charged yesterday in the death of an 8-year-old autistic boy who suffocated as church leaders tried to heal him at a storefront church.
The new effort, Taxpayers Against the Recall, will be formally launched Wednesday outside a Sacramento fire station.	Called "Taxpayers Against the Recall," it was to be launched Wednesday afternoon outside a Sacramento fire station.
Furthermore, chest tightness after exercise and prevalence of asthma were both linked to the amount of time spent at the pool.	Chest tightness after exercise and overall prevalence of asthma were also linked to the total amount of time spent at indoor pools.
British police arrested 21 people early Tuesday in connection with the suspected ritual murder of an African boy whose torso was found in the Thames River.	Police have arrested 21 people in connection with the murder of a young Nigerian child whose headless and limbless torso was found floating in the river Thames.
Winners will be announced in a June 8 ceremony broadcast on CBS from Radio City Music Hall.	Tony winners will be announced June 8 in televised ceremonies from Radio City Music Hall.
A lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block the removal of the Ten Commandments monument from the building.	Supporters asked a federal court Monday to block the removal of a Ten Commandments monument from the Alabama Judicial Building.
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists," Graham said, "this Bush administration chose to settle old scores."	"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists - this Bush administration has chosen to settle old scores," Graham said.
Marisa Baldeo stated, however, the authority's official uniform policy says "they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a NYC transit depot logo cap.	"As of now, they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a NYC transit depot logo cap," Baldeo said.
Between 50 and 100 persons die annually from these allergies, and thousands more suffer severe reactions such as constricted breathing and dramatic swelling.	Between 50 and 100 people die a year due to these allergies, and thousands more suffer severe reactions such as constricted breathing and dramatic swelling.
Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield.	Only Intel's 0.3 percent yield is lower.
Sean Harrigan of Calpers, the California fund, said: "Today we are trying to pull the pig from the trough.	"Today we are trying to pull the pig away from the trough," Mr. Harrigan said.
That truck was spotted in the Campbells Creek area, fitting that description, Morris said.	A black pickup truck was also seen in the Campbells Creek area, Morris said.
A pamphlet will be issued to the public through major hardware chains, local libraries and on the EPA Web site: www.epa.gov.	It will be distributed through major hardware store chains and local libraries and will be available on the EPA Web site: www.epa.gov.
The captain, Michael J. Gansas, was notified yesterday by the city's Department of Transportation that an agency hearing officer recommended that he be fired.	Gansas got more bad news yesterday from the city Department of Transportation - a hearing officer recommended that he be fired.
Since then, police divers have searched nearby parts of Long Island Sound looking for the remaining three.	Since then, police divers have searched those waters looking for the remaining three.
He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages.	Morgenthau said the women, all U.S. citizens, lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages.
Mr. Yandarbiyev resides in Doha, Qatar, and Russian authorities have unsuccessfully tried to have him extradited for nearly two years.	He resides in Doha, Qatar, from which Russian authorities have been trying to extradite him for nearly two years.
Clearly Roman creams of any type do not normally survive in the archaeological record.	Clearly Roman creams of any type, paint or cosmetic, do not normally survive ... it's pretty exceptional."
The association said 28.2 million DVDs were rented in the week that ended June 15, compared with 27.3 million VHS cassettes.	The Video Software Dealers Association said 28.2 million DVDs were rented out last week, compared to 27.3 million VHS cassettes.
SARS has killed 296 people on China's mainland and infected more than 5,200.	Throughout China's mainland, the disease has killed 300 people and infected more than 5,270.
"Third . . . we are not allowed to kill women, except those who join the war [against Islam]."	In jihad, we are not allowed to kill women, except those who join the war (against Islam)."
The company will launch 800 hot spots, or "Wi-Fi Zones," later this summer, and plans to have more than 2,100 by the end of the year.	The service will launch later this summer with 800 locations, and Sprint plans 2,100 locations by the end of the year.
The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like "Thank You!" and "Re: Details".	Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in e-mails that contain such familiar headings as "Thank You!," "Re: Details" or "Re: That Movie."
From California, Bush flies to Japan on Thursday, followed by visits to the Philippines, Thailand, Singapore, Indonesia and Australia before returning home on Oct. 24.	Besides Japan he will visit the Philippines, Thailand, Singapore, Indonesia and Australia before returning home on Oct. 24.
Two Iraqis and two Saudis grabbed shortly after the blast gave information leading to the arrest of the others, said the official.	The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said that two Iraqis and two Saudis detained after the attack gave information leading to the arrest of the others.
The church was already grieving the death of Chief Warrant Officer 3 Kyran Kennedy, a congregation member who was killed in another helicopter crash in Iraq on Nov. 7.	The church already was grieving for the death of a congregation member who was killed in another helicopter crash in Iraq on Nov. 7.
They weighed an average 220 pounds (100 kg) and needed to lose between 30 and 80 pounds.	They weighed an average 100 kilograms and needed to lose between 14 and 36 kilograms.
Her putt for birdie was three feet short but she saved par without difficulty.	She leaves her birdie putt some three feet short but drops her par putt.
The test was conducted by the University of California at Los Angeles and Riverside and was paid $450,000 from the ARB.	The test, conducted by UCLA and UC Riverside, was paid for with $450,000 from the ARB.
The name for the robot, due to be launched at 2:05 p.m., was selected from among 10,000 names submitted by U.S. school children.	The name for the robot, due to be launched at 2:05 p.m. (7:05 p.m.) on Sunday, was selected from among 10,000 names submitted by U.S.
Doris Brasher, who owns a grocery store near the police station, said many in the close-knit town knew the men who were killed.	Doris Brasher, who owns a grocery store on Highway 96, said many in the close-knit town knew the three men who were killed.
Mills affected by Thursdays announcement are sawmills in Grande Cache, Alta., Carrot River, Sask., Chapleau, Ont., and Aberdeen, Wash.	They are located in Grande Cache, Alta., Carrot River, Sask., Chapleau, Ont., and Aberdeen, Wash.
Intel was disappointed and assessing its "options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel," spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	Intel spokesman Chuck Mulloy said the company was disappointed and assessing its "options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel."
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	Hong Kong has not seen such a protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the 1989 massacre of democracy activists occupying Beijing's Tiananmen Square.
The company is highlighting the addition of .NET and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment (EAE) with the new mainframe.	The company is also adding .Net and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment development toolset, Sapp said.
Gov. Linda Lingle and members of her staff were at the Navy base and watched the launch.	Gov. Linda Lingle and other dignitaries are scheduled to be at the base to watch the launch.
That information was first reported in today's editions of the New York Times.	The information was first printed yesterday in the New York Times.
Mr Annan also warned the US should not use the war on terror as an excuse to suppress "long-cherished freedoms".	Annan warned that the dangers of extremism after September 11 should not be used as an excuse to suppress "long-cherished" freedoms.
At community colleges, tuition will jump to $2,800 from $2,500.	Community college students will see their tuition rise by $300 to $2,800 or 12 percent.
However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.	Commercial releases of the 2.6 kernel by major Linux distributors still remain months away.
The Hulk weekend take surpasses the previous June record of $54.9-million for Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me.	It beat the previous record of $54.9 set by 1999's "Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me."
Its attackers had to fire their rockets from hundreds of yards away, with a makeshift launcher hidden in a portable electric generator.	Its attackers had to launch their strike from hundreds of metres away, with a makeshift rocket launcher disguised as a portable electric generator.
He made a point of saying during Tuesdays debate that the Confederate flag was a racist symbol.	Though Dean made a point of saying during the debate that the Confederate flag is a racist symbol.
Also Tuesday, a soldier drowned in an aqueduct in northern Iraq.	Another soldier drowned after diving into an aqueduct in northern Iraq, the Central Command said.
Hunt's attorneys filed a motion late Monday in Forsyth Superior Court to have Hunt's murder conviction thrown out.	Hunt's attorneys filed a motion Monday seeking to have Hunt's conviction thrown out based on the new evidence.
Other data showed that buyers snapped up new and existing homes at a brisk pace in April, spurred by low mortgage rates.	Other data showed sales of existing and new homes grew at a robust pace in April, spurred by low mortgage rates.
But Close wondered whether the package would be worth the cost of licensing the third-party software, along with Salesforce.com's rental price.	Close also questions whether it would be worth the cost of licensing third-party software, along with Salesforce.com's rental price.
Still others cite the difficulty of assembling a group of subjects whose depression is of comparable severity, increasing the chances that the effectiveness of the medication will be diffused.	Still others cite the difficulty of assembling a group of subjects whose depression is of comparable severity, a problem that complicates the task of properly measuring effectiveness.
That's the highest third-quarter growth rate we've seen in over 25 years," said Andy Bryant, Intel's chief financial officer.	That's the highest third-quarter growth rate we've seen in over 25 years," CFO Andy Bryant told the Associated Press.
Seattle Deputy Police Chief Clark Kimerer said the exercise here went well, with some aspects, including the communication system linking various agencies, working better than expected.	Police Deputy Chief Clark Kimerer said the exercise went well, with some aspects, including the communication system between varying agencies, working better than expected.
Telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	Two federal agencies are investigating telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
"This sale is part of our efforts to simplify our Foodservice Products business and improve its cost structure," Multifoods chairman and chief executive officer Gary Costley said.	"This sale is part of our efforts to simplify our Foodservice Products business and improve its cost structure," chairman and CEO Gary Costley said in a statement.
A DOD team is working to determine how hackers gained access to the system and what needs to be done to fix the breach.	A DoD team is on site to determine how this happened and what needs to be done to fix the breach, the release stated.
Parrado's aunt believes her nephew, who has served a prison sentence in Cuba, will be persecuted if he is repatriated.	Maria Parrado believes her nephew, who served a 12-year prison sentence in Cuba after being arrested in Cuban waters, will be persecuted if he is sent back there.
The Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday said companies trading on the biggest U.S. markets must win shareholder approval before granting stock options and other stock-based compensation plans to corporate executives.	Companies trading on the biggest stock markets must get shareholder approval before granting stock options and other equity compensation under rules cleared yesterday by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Per-user pricing is $29 for Workplace Messaging, $89 for Team Collaboration and $35 for Collaborative Learning.	Workplace Messaging is $29, Workplace Team Collaboration is $89, and Collaborative Learning is $35.
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats – international terrorism – this Bush administration chose to settle old scores," Mr. Graham said.	"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists," Graham said, "this Bush administration chose to settle old scores."
Microsoft is preparing to alter its Internet Explorer browser, following a patent verdict that went against the company, Microsoft said Friday.	Microsoft Corp. is preparing changes to its Internet Explorer (IE) browser because of a patent verdict against it, the company said Friday.
"It's routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM," she said.	"It is routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT team to rigorously test new platforms and technology inside IBM."
Nearly 6,000 MTA drivers and train operators joined the mechanics in the picket line.	Nearly 6,000 MTA drivers and train operators then walked off the job in solidarity.
The Infineon case began in August 2000, when Rambus accused Infineon of patent infringement and Infineon counter-sued Rambus for breach of contract and fraud.	At that time, Rambus accused Infineon of patent infringement and Infineon countersued Rambus for breach of contract and fraud.
Low-income earners would pay a 5 percent tax on both types of investment income.	Low-income earners would pay a 5 percent rate for both capital gains and corporate dividends.
"The Princess' marriage was not set up by force," said Vasile Ionescu, of the Roma Centre for public policies.	Vasile Ionescu, of the Roma Centre for public policies, said: "The princess's marriage was not set up by force.
Hynix CEO E.J. Woo condemned the decision calling the ruling an "outrageous act aimed at a hidden agenda."	Meanwhile, Hynix Semiconductors voiced strong criticism of the United States, calling its decision an "outrageous tactic aimed at a hidden agenda."
Authorities had no evidence to suggest the two incidents were connected.	There was no immediate evidence that the two incidents were connected, police said.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001, saying the trial had been sloppily conducted.	The Food and Drug Administration ultimately denied ImClone's drug application in December 2001, saying that an Erbitux clinical trial was deficient.
Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.	General Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force aboard the command ship Mount Whitney.
CAPPS II will not use bank records, records indicating creditworthiness or medical records."	CAPPS II will not use bank records, credit records, or medical records, according to Loy and Kelly.
Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday.	Moore did not have an immediate response Tuesday.
"Fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques, the Justice Department said.	In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques.
Moore of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation's highest court.	Moore has said he plans to appeal the matter to the U.S. Supreme Court.
"We're confident that the new leadership will take responsibility for the past actions of the Archdiocese of Boston," Lincoln said.	"We are confident that the new leadership in Boston will be willing to take responsibility for the past actions of the archdiocese,' said Lincoln. "
Money from Iraqi oil sales will go into that fund which will be controlled by the United States and Britain and used to rebuild the country.	Money from oil sales will now be deposited in a new Development Fund for Iraq, controlled by the United States and Britain and used to rebuild the country.
Car volume fell 8 per cent, while light truck sales -- which include vans, pickups and SUVs -- rose 2.7 per cent.	Car volume was down 8 percent, while light truck sales--which include vans, pickups and SUVs--rose 2.7 percent.
He said he had made it "very plain" to the US that Australia did not support the death penalty.	Mr Williams added that the Government had made it "very plain" to the US it did not support the death penalty for Hicks.
Special police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk, where his plane had made a refuelling stop.	Police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday when his jet made a refueling stop in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk.
Robert Stewart, a spokesman for Park Place, the parent company of Caesars Palace, said he was surprised by the court's decision.	Robert Stewart, spokesman for Park Place Entertainment, the parent company for Caesars, said the Supreme Court seemed to change the rules for lawsuits.
Altria shares fell 2.2 percent or 96 cents to $42.72 and were the Dow's biggest percentage loser.	Its shares fell $9.61 to $50.26, ranking as the NYSE's most-active issue and its biggest percentage loser.
Mascia-Frye works in the state development office.	Mascia-Frye oversees European operations for the West Virginia Development Office.
Representatives for Puretunes could not immediately be reached for comment Wednesday.	Puretunes representatives could not be located Thursday to comment on the suit.
A key to that effort was the company's introduction of a 10-year, 100,000-mile warranty, meant to reassure buyers that they could trust the Korean company.	Mr. O'Neill had a solution: a 10-year, 100,000-mile warranty, meant to reassure buyers that they could trust Hyundai.
The word Advent, from Latin, means "the coming."	The season's name comes from the Latin word adventus, which means "coming."
The companies said "it was not our intention to target or offend any group or persons or to incite hatred or violence."	"In creating the game, it was not our intention to target or offend any group or persons or to incite hatred or violence against such groups persons."
Another brother, Ali Imron, was sentenced to life in prison after cooperating with investigators and showing remorse.	Another brother, Ali Imron, received a life sentence after he cooperated with the authorities and expressed remorse.
Most times, wholesalers sold the questionable drugs to one of three huge national distributors that supply virtually all drugs in the country.	At one point in the chain, a wholesaler would sell the questionable drugs to one of three huge national companies that supply virtually all drugs in this country.
Rumsfeld, who has been feuding for two years with Army leadership, passed over nine active-duty four-star generals.	Rumsfeld has been feuding for a long time with Army leadership, and he passed over nine active-duty four-star generals.
He said it was not possible to rule out that the chemical was a cancer risk to humans.	However, it is not possible to say whether it may pose a cancer risk to humans.
The letter stated that a premature stillborn baby was placed on the bed in a blanket.	According to the writer of the letter, the infant was "placed on the bed in a baby blanket" by a nurse.
Galveston County District Attorney Kurt Sistrunk said his office received the recordings this week.	Galveston County District Attorney Kurt Sistrunk told Criss Wednesday his office only this week received the recordings.
"This is a wide-ranging and continuing investigation which is likely to result in numerous other charges," Mr Spitzer said.	"This is a widening and continuing investigation, which is likely to result in numerous other charges," Mr. Spitzer said yesterday at a news conference.
Kyi, a U.N. envoy says, as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed.	JAPAN added to growing international pressure on Burma yesterday, threatening to halt its hefty economic aid unless the military government released pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi.
The decision could also prove useful in the "war on terrorism".	Tuesday's decision could prove useful to the government in the war on terrorism.
In the first stage of the attack, the Lovsan worm began fouling computers around the world.	The first stage of the malicious software began Monday, when the Lovsan worm began spreading around the world.
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman, who announced Tuesdays ban, also said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to help.	U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman, who announced yesterday's ban, also said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to assist in the Canadian situation.
The survey that found it covered only a narrow slice of the sky.	The survey which uncovered the star only covered a narrow slice of the sky.
However, the standards body warns that changes to Internet Explorer may affect a "large number" of existing Web sites.	Still, changes to IE "may affect a large number of existing Web pages," according to the W3C's notice.
Both Blair and Bush have faced accusations that they manipulated intelligence about weapons of mass destruction to make the case for military action.	At home, the premier has faced accusations that he overplayed intelligence about weapons of mass destruction to make the case for war.
"I think 70 percent of the work is already done," Tauzin told reporters in the Capitol.	"About 70 percent of the work is already done," Mr. Tauzin said.
"We must defend those whom we dislike or even despise," said Neal R. Sonnett, a Miami lawyer who led an association panel on enemy combatants.	"We must defend those whom we dislike or even despise," said Neal Sonnett, a Miami lawyer who headed an ABA task force on enemy combatants.
Earlier, they had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar" (God is Greatest) as Bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom.	Earlier, Bashir's supporters had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar (God is Greatest)" as he walked to his seat.
The announcement comes one day after Microsoft’s global security chief, Scott Charney, reiterated Microsoft’s promises to simplify the way it distributes patches to users.	The announcement comes one day after Scott Charney, Microsoft's global security chief, reiterated Microsoft's promises to simplify the way it distributes patches to customers.
The fighting around Bunia began after neighboring Uganda completed the withdrawal of its more than 6,000 soldiers from the town.	The fighting begun May 7 after neighboring Uganda completed the withdrawal of its more than 6,000 soldiers from in an around Bunia.
An officer in the People's Liberation Army selected from a pool of 14, Lt-Col Yang is the son of a teacher and an official at an agricultural firm.	A lieutenant colonel in the People's Liberation Army, Yang is the son of a teacher and an official at an agricultural firm.
A former candidate for governor of New York, he styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.	Mr. McCall, who ran unsuccessfully for governor of New York in 2002, styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.
His decision means that the case against Gary Lee Sampson, including the capital charges against him, will be tried in September.	That means the case against Gary Lee Sampson, including the capital charges, will now to trial in September.
Meanwhile, rival contender, General Electric's NBC, submitted a letter of interest, a source familiar with the matter said.	Other contenders included General Electric's GE.N NBC, which submitted a letter of interest, a source familiar with the matter said.
"This deal makes sense for both companies," Brian Halla, National's chief executive, said in a statement.	"This deal makes good sense for both companies," said Brian L. Halla, National's chairman, president and CEO.
Consumers who said jobs are difficult to find jumped from 29.4 to 32.6, while those claiming work was plentiful slipped from 13 to 12.6.	Consumers who said jobs are difficult to find jumped to 32.6 from 29.4, while those saying work was plentiful slipped to 12.6 from 13 in April.
The priest, the Rev. John F. Johnston, 64, of 35th Avenue in Jackson Heights, was charged with aggravated harassment and criminal possession of a weapon.	The Rev. John Johnston, 64, was charged with aggravated harassment in the phone call case and with criminal possession of a weapon, according to a police statement.
"Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling...against little or no competition," Hubach said in the statement.	"Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips against little or no competition," said TI General Counsel Joseph Hubach.
That state will not emerge until the interim government decides on a process for writing a new constitution and for holding the first democratic elections.	That state will not emerge until the interim government decides on a process to write a new constitution and to hold the first democratic elections.
"I think it happened very quickly," Houston Police Department homicide investigator Phil Yochum said of the crime.	"I think it happened very quickly," said Investigator Phil Yochum of the Houston Police Department's homicide division.
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	The product can be instructed to permit business-only use, according to Sendmail.
The telephone survey had a margin of error of 2 percentage points.	The poll conducted between Oct. 24 and Nov. 2 had a margin of error of 2 percentage points.
United issued a statement saying it will "work professionally and cooperatively with all its unions."	Senior vice president Sara Fields said the airline "will work professionally and cooperatively with all our unions."
Tonight, 21-year-old Morgan and as many as 1,200 fellow students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym for the first real dance in the school's 143-year history.	As many as 1,200 students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym Friday night for the first real dance in the Christian school's 143-year history.
Beckham will receive a yearly salary of $10 million plus bonuses, earning him about $220,000 a game.	Beckham will pocket a weekly salary of about $213,000 and earn $10 million a year, plus bonuses.
"We have sent a message to the nation that this is a new Louisiana," she told a victory party in New Orleans.	"We have sent a new message out to the nation — that this is a new Louisiana."
It said the operation, which began on Monday, was part of "the continued effort to eradicate Baath Party loyalists, paramilitary groups and other subversive elements."	A statement from the allied command said that the raid was part of "the continued effort to eradicate Baath Party loyalists, paramilitary groups and other subversive elements."
"But they never climb out of the pot of beer again."	It's just that they never climb out of the beer again."
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries, including Canada, are held, many captured during the war against in Afghanistan the al-Qaida network.	Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries are being held at the Naval base at Guantanamo Bay, many captured during the war against Al Qaeda in Afghanistan.
"Beginning; early stages; not life-threatening; treatable," he said at a news conference at the Capitol.	Beginning, early stages, not life threatening, treatable, Bruno told a state Capitol news conference.
Oracle's offer "undervalues the company and is not in the best interest of stockholders," PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway said.	"Oracle's offer undervalues the company and is not in the best interest of PeopleSoft stockholders," said PeopleSoft President and CEO Craig Conway, in the statement.
Bryant surrendered to authorities on Friday and posted a $25,000 bond.	Bryant presented himself to authorities last Friday and was released after posting $25,000 bail.
Roberson was bitten on the back and scratched on the leg, according to her mother, Shamika Woumnm of Dorchester.	She was bitten on the back and scratched on the leg, her mother said.
He says information released about a tarot card left at one shooting scene may have prolonged the spree by cutting off fragile communications with the sniper.	He says the release of a tarot card left at a shooting scene may have prolonged the spree by cutting off fragile communications with the sniper.
Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected.	Bryant has said that hike had a greater effect on demand than officials expected.
The report released Monday simply says, This report does not attempt to address the complexities of this issue.	The document stated: "This report does not attempt to address the complexities of this issue."
The SEC said on Thursday its staff was preparing to draw up rules to combat trading abuses.	Last week the Securities and Exchange Commission said its staff was preparing to draw up rules to combat trading abuses.
He is temporarily serving as Chechnya's acting president while his boss, Akhmad Kadyrov, is on the campaign trail.	He is temporarily serving as Chechnya's acting president while his boss, Akhmad Kadyrov, is running in the region's Oct. 5 presidential election.
The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for failing to address the scandal.	The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for not addressing the scandal.
Robert Liscouski, the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Infrastructure Protection, will oversee NCSD.	NCSD's chief will be Robert Liscouski, the assistant secretary of Homeland Security for Infrastructure Protection.
Chechen officials working for the Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels and tension is running high ahead of next Sunday's presidential election in war-torn Chechnya.	Officials in Chechnya's Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels, and tension is running high ahead of Sunday's presidential election in the war-ravaged region.
Columbia was destroyed during re-entry Feb. 1, killing its seven astronauts.	The Columbia broke apart during descent on Feb. 1, killing all seven astronauts aboard.
Feral's group was behind a successful tourism boycott about a decade ago that resulted in then-Gov. Walter J. Hickel imposing a moratorium on wolf control in 1992.	Friends of Animals, which touts 200,000 members, was behind a successful tourism boycott that resulted in then-Gov. Walter J. Hickel imposing a moratorium on wolf control in 1992.
She concludes that what her husband did was morally wrong but not a betrayal of the public.	Mrs Clinton said her husband action's were morally wrong but did not constitute a public betrayal.
The exam contains four sections and tests a students knowledge of algebra and geometry as well as probability and statistics.	The test, in four sections, includes algebra and geometry, along with some questions on probability and statistics.
Massachusetts is one of 12 states that does not have the death penalty, having abolished capital punishment in 1984.	Massachusetts is one of 12 states without the death penalty, having abolished it in 1984.
Taylor's aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more chaos, a view shared by many in Liberia and, in private, even by mediators.	His aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more bloodshed, a view shared by many in Liberia.
HP's shipments increased 48 percent year-over-year, compared to an increase of 31 percent for Dell.	HPs shipments increased 48 per cent year-on-year, compared to an increase of 31 per cent for Dell.
Recall advocates say they have turned in 1.6 million signatures to counties.	Recall proponents say they have turned in nearly twice the number of necessary signatures.
Mr. Gettelfinger said at that news conference that "we are going to continue to hammer away at the negotiations process until we reach an agreement," with Ford and G.M.	"We are going to continue to hammer away at the negotiations process until we reach an agreement," he said.
Their difference was over whether the court should pay attention to legal opinions of other world courts, such as the European Court of Human Rights.	Their difference was over whether the court should take into account the legal opinions of other world courts, like the European Court of Human Rights.
BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.	The American Roman Catholic archdiocese of Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 sex abuse lawsuits involving priests.
Lewis said that the third-quarter results were driven by deposit and loan growth, strong investment banking and trading results, and improved mortgage and card revenues.	Deposit and loan growth, strong investment banking and trading results and strong growth in mortgage and card revenues drove this quarter's results.
They were not supplied or given to us but unearthed by our reporter, David Blair, in the Foreign Ministry in Baghdad."	They were not supplied or given to us, but unearthed by our reporter" in Iraq's foreign ministry, he said.
Congress twice before passed similar restrictions, but President Bill Clinton vetoed them.	Congress twice passed similar bills, but then-President Clinton vetoed them both times.
Brian Brabazon said his son would get upset but then turn around and befriend his taunters.	Her son would get upset, his mom said, but then turn around and befriend his taunters.
At his sentencing, Avants had tubes in his nose and a portable oxygen tank beside him.	Avants, wearing a light brown jumpsuit, had tubes in his nose and a portable oxygen tank beside him.
The number of extremely obese American adults - those who are at least 100 pounds overweight - has quadrupled since the 1980s to about 4 million.	The number of Americans considered extremely obese, or at least 100 pounds overweight, has quadrupled since the 1980s to a startling 4 million, the research shows.
The verbal flareup with Keating stemmed from Cardinal Mahony's initial refusal to participate in that survey unless procedures were changed.	A verbal flare-up between Keating and Mahony began when the cardinal initially refused to participate in that survey unless procedures were changed.
The CFTC has been investigating several energy companies, including at least three Colorado companies, for manipulating energy markets by reporting false natural-gas trading prices to industry publications.	The federal agency has been investigating whether several energy companies manipulated energy markets by reporting false natural gas trading prices to industry publications.
He was eventually taken to London's Hammersmith hospital, where doctors regulated Blair's heart beat via electric shock.	He was taken to Hammersmith hospital, where doctors regulated Blair's heart beat via electric shock in a procedure called "cardio-version".
Under the legislation, a physician who performs the procedure could face up to two years in prison.	Physicians who perform the procedure would face up to two years in prison, under the bill.
Chirac, who can pardon a law-breaker, refused Humbert's request last year but kept in close touch with the family.	Chirac, who has the authority to pardon law-breakers, refused Humbert's request to be allowed to die last year but kept in close touch with the family.
When police removed the four from the home, they weighed 136 pounds combined.	Each boy weighed less than 50 pounds when they were removed from the home Oct. 10.
The charges allege that he was part of the conspiracy to kill and kidnap persons in a foreign country.	The government now charges that Sattar conspired with Rahman to kill and kidnap individuals in foreign countries.
The second company, temporarily dubbed ``InternationalCo.'', includes 19 international power and pipeline holdings.	The second company, to be called Prisma Energy International Inc., includes 19 international power and pipeline holdings.
He was convicted by a Ventura County Superior Court jury and sentenced in absentia to 124 years in prison.	He was convicted in his absence in January and sentenced to 124 years.
The draft of the report was forthright: "Climate change has global consequences for human health and the environment."	The original report had concluded that ''climate change has global consequences for human health and the environment,'' according to an internal EPA memo.
In the 2002 study, the margin of error ranged from 1.8 to 4.4 percentage points.	It has a margin of error of plus or minus three to four percentage points.
Westfield, which owns Galleria in Morley, also will continue discussions about the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne, half-owned by Deutsche Bank.	Westfield also will continue discussions over the other co-owned centres, such as Knox City in Melbourne, where Deutsche Bank owns a 50 per cent stake.
Last year Bloomberg boycotted the parade because he wanted to march with two actors from "The Sopranos."	Last year, Bloomberg snubbed the affair after being told he couldn't march with cast members of the "The Sopranos."
Federal agents said Friday they are investigating the theft of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week.	Federal investigators are looking for possible connections between the theft of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week.
Mr. Clinton's national security adviser, Sandy Berger, said that the White House wasn't informed of the FBI activities.	Clinton’s national security adviser, Sandy Berger, said in an interview that the White House was not informed of the FBI activities.
Like-for-like sales for the 17 weeks to 27 December were flat, while the gross margin fell by 2 percentage points, the company said.	UK retail like-for-like sales for the 17 weeks to December 27 were flat, with gross margin down two percentage points.
Investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death came, prosecutor Wolfgang Schweer told The Associated Press.	A prosecutor said investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death arrived.
"What this allows us to do is have a crossover that is much more fuel efficient and aimed at young families."	"What this allows us to do is have a crossover that is much more fuel- efficient, aimed at young families," Mr. Cowger said.
The goal will be to reduce congestion by upgrading road, building tollways, facilitating public transit or any other means to improve mobility.	The money can be used for road upgrades, tollways, public transit or any other means to improve mobility.
"This decision is clearly incorrect," FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement.	The decision is "clearly incorrect," FTC Chairman Tim Muris said.
SCO has also alleged that the generic Linux kernel contains code which is from its Unix property.	SCO claims that the Linux kernel holds Unix intellectual property owned by SCO.
But Amrozi did not reveal and was not asked the company's or his boss's name.	Amrozi did not reveal, and was not asked, the identity of his boss.
General Jeffery announced he would give his substantial military pension accumulated over 40 years to charity during his stay at Government House.	Maj-Gen Jeffery said he would give his military pension to charity while he served at Yarralumla.
The rest said they belonged to another party or had no affiliation.	The rest said they had no affiliation or belonged to another party.
Blair himself took the reins of the Labour Party after its leader John Smith died of a heart attack in 1994.	Mr Blair became Labour leader in 1994 after the then leader, John Smith, died of a heart attack.
In 2002, for example, the Dow dropped more than 1,500 points, or 15.6 percent, between May and October, due largely to terrorism fears driven by headlines.	For example, the Dow dropped more than 1,500 points, or 15.6 percent, from May to October 2002, largely because of terrorism fears driven by the headlines.
She said six were from Douglas County, the southwestern Oregon county that includes Roseburg, and two were from the Portland area.	Six were from Douglas County, which includes Roseburg, and two from the Portland area.
Prosecutors allege that Nichols and co-conspirator Timothy McVeigh worked together to prepare a bomb that destroyed the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building.	Prosecutors allege that Nichols and coconspirator Timothy McVeigh worked together to prepare a 4,000-pound fuel-and-fertilizer bomb that destroyed the Murrah building.
A rival distributor, Mike Selwyn from United International Pictures, says that unlike The Matrix Revolutions, he cannot detect any advance scepticism, even within the business.	A rival distributor, Mike Selwyn, of United International Pictures, says he cannot detect, unlike The Matrix Revolutions, any advance scepticism.
"The law has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit, undermining our defenses," Ashcroft said.	He admits that the law "has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit, undermining our defenses."
The winner of the Williams-Mauresmo match will play the winner of Justine Henin-Hardenne vs. Chanda Rubin.	The Williams-Mauresmo winner will play the winner of the match between Justine Henin-Hardenne and Chanda Rubin.
"By its actions, the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war," the Connecticut Democrat told a Capitol Hill news conference.	"By its actions," Lieberman said, "the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war."
The House passed a similar measure by a wide margin on Sept. 9.	The House of Representative passed an identical amendment on Sept. 9, by a 227-188 vote.
Using bookmarks and back and forth buttons - we had about eighteen different things we had in mind for the browser," he told an industry audience in London yesterday.	Using bookmarks and back and forth buttons -- we had about eighteen different things we had in mind for the browser."
Three American warships are off the Liberian coast carrying a total of 2,300 marines.	There are three warships with 2,300 Marines lingering off its coast.
Those involved were allegedly told to never speak of the incident again, according to the letter.	The letter said staff was told to never speak of the incident.
"Removing the waiver means nothing when Oracle still has pending litigation in Delaware that opposes the PeopleSoft/J.D. Edwards transaction," PeopleSoft responded.	In a public statement, a spokesperson said: "Removing the waiver means nothing when Oracle still has pending litigation in Delaware that opposes the PeopleSoft/J.D. Edwards transaction."
At best, Davydenko's supporters were naively ignorant of tennis etiquette; at worst, they cheated - yet went without penality from umpire Lars Graf.	At best, Davydenko's supporters were naively ignorant to tennis etiquette; at worst, they cheated – yet went unpenalised by umpire Lars Graf.
The Pentagon says it's a technique that's been successful in predicting elections, even box-office receipts.	The Pentagon insists the technique has successfully predicted elections and even box office receipts.
Treatment guidelines, many written by medical-specialty organizations, recommend approaches to many ailments, such as painkillers and exercise for arthritis.	Treatment guidelines, many written by medical specialty organizations, outline recommended approaches to many common ailments, ranging from painkillers and exercise for arthritis to surgery for breast cancer.
After three months, Atkins dieters had lost an average of 14.7 pounds compared with 5.8 pounds in the conventional group.	Three months into the study, the Atkins group had lost an average of about 15 pounds, compared with five for the low-fat group.
Secretary of State Colin Powell designated the Chechen leader believed responsible for last year's hostage standoff in a Moscow theater as a threat to U.S. security Friday.	U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell on Friday designated Chechen rebel leader Shamil Basayev a threat to the security of the United States and to U.S. citizens.
"It's probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but I look forward to the challenge," Parsons told reporters at NASA headquarters.	"It's probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program," Mr. Parsons said at a news conference at NASA headquarters.
None of Deans opponents picked him as someone to party with, nor was Dean asked that question.	None of Dean's opponents picked him as someone to party with and Dean was not asked the question.
Mr. Kozlowski contends that the event included business and that some of those attending were Tyco employees.	Mr. Kozlowski contends that the event was in large part a business function.
"Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President George W Bush."	"Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin (news - web sites) and President Bush (news - web sites)."
In a statement, the Redmond, Wash., company said that it was acquiring the "intellectual property and technology assets" of GeCAD.	Microsoft said Tuesday it intends to acquire the intellectual property and technology assets of Romanian antivirus firm GeCAD Software Srl.
That would be a potential setback to Chief Executive Phil Condit's strategy of bolstering defense-related sales during a slump in jetliner deliveries.	The inquiry may hinder Chief Executive Phil Condit's strategy of bolstering defense-related sales during a slump in jetliner deliveries.
The horrific nature of the attacks is often fueled by a mix of tribal hatreds and a desire to spread terror in the region.	The attacks are often fuelled by a mix of tribal hatreds and a desire to spread terror in the region.
A spokeswoman for Interscope Geffen A&M declined to confirm how many employees were affected.	A spokeswoman for Interscope Geffen A&M Records declined to elaborate.
He urged member states that contribute police and soldiers to U.N. peacekeeping operations to provide more women.	Undersecretary-General for Peacekeeping Jean-Marie Guehenno urged member states contributing police and soldiers to U.N. peacekeeping operations to provide more women.
Other changes in the plan refine his original vision, Libeskind said.	Many of the changes are improvements to the original plan, Libeskind said.
PeopleSoft also said its board had officially rejected Oracle's offer.	Thursday morning, PeopleSoft's board rejected the Oracle takeover offer.
The new contract extends the guarantee that his annual pay and bonus will be at least $2.4 million a year.	The contract sets his annual base salary at $1.4 million and his target bonus at a minimum of $1 million.
A rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack.	A captured rebel said 2,100 combatants had been involved in the offensive.
Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations.	In the opinion, Kline noted that it is illegal for children that young to have sexual relations.
Cortisol levels in the saliva of day care children were highest and rose most steeply in those judged by day care center personnel to be the shyest.	Cortisol levels in the saliva of day-care children were highest and rose most steeply in those whom day-care centre staffed judged to be the shyest.
Fires in Spain's Extremadura region, which borders Portugal, have forced hundreds of people to evacuate their homes.	Fires in Spain's Extramadura region bordering Portugal, and Avila province forced hundreds of people to leave their homes.
"The idea that Tony Abbott is in some way a one-dimensional political head-kicker couldn't be more wrong," Mr Howard said.	"The idea that Tony Abbott is in some way a one-dimensional political head kicker couldn't be more wrong."
On a planet that takes nearly 165 years to orbit the sun, spring can last more than 40 years.	Because it takes Neptune 165 years to orbit the Sun its seasons will last for decades.
SSE CEO Marchant said he would sell on Midlands' power generation assets in Turkey and Pakistan to fellow British utility International Power Plc IPR.L for 21 million pounds.	After the deal SSE will sell on Midlands's power generation assets in Turkey and Pakistan to fellow UK utility International Power Plc for 21 million pounds.
Crossing Jordan will be back in January after star Jill Hennessy gives birth.	NBC also plans to shelve Crossing Jordan until January as star Jill Hennessy has her first child.
Yale spokesman Tom Conroy said the university was prepared to keep the campus running with temporary workers and managers doing extra work.	Yale spokesman Tom Conroy said the university planned to keep the campus running with managers and temporary workers performing union workers' jobs.
A member of the chart-topping collective So Solid Crew dumped a loaded pistol in an alleyway as he fled from police, a court heard yesterday.	A member of the rap group So Solid Crew threw away a loaded gun during a police chase, Southwark Crown Court was told yesterday.
They passed through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia.	It said the patents were "allegedly" assigned to Syndia in 2001 through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership.
We believe them to be without merit, and will defend ourselves vigorously.	"We believe it is without merit and we will defend ourselves rigorously."
The Russell 2000 index, which tracks smaller company stocks, was up 1.02, or 0.21 percent, at 496.83.	The Russell 2000 index, the barometer of smaller company stocks, rose 3.28, or 0.7 percent, to 494.20.
The law does not regulate how much individuals can contribute to their own campaigns, a decided advantage for millionaires like Mr. Schwarzenegger and Mr. Ueberroth, both Republican candidates.	The law does not regulate how much individuals can contribute to their own campaigns, a decided advantage for millionaires such as Schwarzenegger and Ueberroth.
Dixon put his style on display Sunday afternoon in winning the Honda Indy 225 at Pikes Peak International Raceway.	Scott Dixon eventually made winning the Honda Indy 225 look easy Sunday at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
In a statement later, he said it appeared his side may have fallen a bit short.	Zilkha conceded in a statement issued today that his group may have fallen "a bit short."
Among the most recent additions to the list, which to date includes more than 360 groups and individuals, is Zelimkhan Yandarbiev, the former president of Chechnya.	The most recent addition to the list, which to date includes 125 names, is Zelimkhan Yandarbiev, the former president of Chechnya.
About 1,000 people attended the ceremony, kicking off two days of observances tied to the March on Washington.	About 1,000 people came in stifling heat to begin two days of observances tied to the coming 40th anniversary of the March on Washington on Aug. 28, 1963.
Second quarter sales came in at $645 million, up from $600 million the year before, AMD said.	Revenue in the second quarter ended June 29 was $645 million, up from $600 million a year ago.
The other 18 people inside the building - two visitors and 16 employees, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend - escaped without injury, Aaron said.	The other 18 people in the building, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend, were not injured, police spokesman Don Aaron said.
Professor Hermon-Taylor adds, An unexpected finding of the research showed that patients suffering with Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) were also infected with the MAP bug.	Hermon-Taylor said an unexpected finding of the research showed that patients suffering from irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) may also be infected with MAP.
Six countries have advised their citizens not to travel to Taiwan for any reason, the ministry said.	Spain, Poland, United Arab Emirates and Lithuania have advised their citizens not to travel to Taiwan for any reason.
United Airlines plans to become the first domestic airline to offer e-mail on all its domestic flights by the end of the year, the company announced yesterday.	United Airways plans to offer in-flight, two-way e-mail on all domestic flights by the end of the year, becoming the first U.S. carrier to do so.
Volodymyr Gorbanovsky, deputy general director of the plane's owners, Mediterranean Airlines, said it appeared to have veered from its flight path because of the fog.	Volodymyr Gorbanovsky, deputy general director of the plane's owners, Mediterranean Airlines, said initial information indicated it had veered from its flight path because of fog.
Meteorologists predicted the storm would become a Category 1 hurricane before landfall.	It was predicted to become a Category I hurricane overnight.
I called the number and the lady told me she was talking on the phone to Toby Studabaker,'' Sherry Studabaker told BBC television.	I called the number and the lady told me she was talking on the phone to Toby Studabaker."
Sweeney said he would formally announce the formation of the new union on Wednesday in Detroit.	Sweeney is to formally announce the campaign in a speech Wednesday in Detroit.
The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden, according to the study.	The study also found that skin cancer nearly tripled in Norway and Sweden since the 1950s.
Emeryville-based Ask Jeeves agreed to sell a business software division to a Sunnyvale-based rival, Kanisa, for $4.25 million.	Ask Jeeves Wednesday announced it plans to sell its enterprise software division, Jeeves Solutions, to Kanisa.
"I picked prostitutes as my victims because I hate most prostitutes and I did not want to pay them for sex."	It went on: "I picked prostitutes as my victims because I hated most prostitutes and I did not want to pay them for sex.
A positive PSA test has to be followed up with a biopsy or other procedures before cancer can be confirmed.	Before confirming a diagnosis of cancer, a positive PSA test must be followed up with a biopsy or other procedures.
But Mr. Peterson added, "I don't know anybody in the conference committee who's fighting to keep it out completely."	But Peterson added, I dont know anybody in the conference committee whos fighting to keep it out completely.
So far, however, only four companies have licensed the protocols, according to the report to the judge yesterday.	So far, only four companies have licensed Microsoft's communications protocols: EMC, Network Appliance, VeriSign and Starbak Communications, the report noted.
The speaker issued a one-paragraph statement, saying, "I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, J. Michael Boxley.	"I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel J. Michael Boxley," Silver said.
We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of our experience on 11 September," Rumsfeld said.	Rather, the US acted because the administration saw "existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of our experience on September 11".
The Institute for Supply Management's manufacturing index dipped to 53.7 from 54.7 in August.	The Institute's national manufacturing barometer slipped to 53.7 in September from 54.7 in August.
The couple was granted an annulment in September 2001 and Joanie Harper was given sole custody of Marques and Lyndsey, court records show.	Joanie Harper and Brothers were granted an annulment in September 2001, and Harper was given sole custody of Marques and Lyndsey, court records show.
Trans fat makes up only 1 percent to 3 percent of the total fat Americans consume, compared with 14 percent for saturated fat.	Trans fat accounts for 2.5 percent of Americans' daily calories, compared to 11 percent to 12 percent for saturated fat.
However, a recent slide in prices and OPEC's expectations of a surge in oil inventories have compounded its fears about a further softening of the market.	A 14 percent slide in crude prices this month and expectations of a build up in oil inventories compounded OPEC's fears of a further softening of the market.
Smith found the cigarette tax falls on the tobacco consumer, not the tribe, meaning the tribe is simply an agent for collecting a tax.	Smith ruled that the state's tax falls on the tobacco consumer, not the tribe, making the tribe simply an agent for collecting the tax.
Hoffa, 62, vanished on the afternoon of July 30, 1975, from a Bloomfield Township parking lot in Oakland County, about 25 miles north of Detroit.	Hoffa, 62, vanished on the afternoon of July 30, 1975, from a parking lot in a Detroit suburb in Oakland County.
There will be no vote on the issue but those opposed to Robinson's appointment are thought to outnumber those who accept it by around 20 to 17.	There will be no vote on the issue but those opposed to Robinson's appointment are thought to be in the majority.
Peterson, 31, is now charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and their unborn son.	Peterson, 31, is charged with two counts of first-degree murder in the slayings of his wife, Laci, and their unborn son, Conner.
"Writing safe programs that demonstrate an infection vector is adequate [to demonstrate a vulnerability] without building in the reproductive sequences.	Writing safe programs that demonstrate an infection vector is adequate without building in the reproductive sequences."
In other words, Cablevision is obligated to pay for YES Network's lawsuit against Time Warner Cable.	Ironically, Cablevision will be footing the bill for YES' lawsuit against Time Warner Cable.
A gunman who had ``a beef with the Postal Service'' stormed into a suburban post office and took two employees hostage Wednesday, authorities said.	A gunman stormed into the Lakeside post office and took two employees hostage Wednesday, San Diego County authorities said.
The agency will "consider as timely any tax returns or payments due" Aug. 15 if they are submitted by Aug. 22.	The agency said it would consider as timely any tax returns or payments due from Friday through Aug. 22 if they are completed by Aug. 22.
Appleton said police continue to hold out the possibility that more than one person was involved in the poisonings.	He said investigators have not ruled out the possibility that more than one person was behind the poisonings.
"My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know."	My judgment is 95 percent of that information could be declassified, become uncensored so the American people would know," Mr. Shelby said on NBC's "Meet the Press."
Shares of Microsoft fell 1 cent to close at $25.65 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Microsoft shares (MSFT: news, chart, profile) fell 1 cent to close at $25.65.
His other films include "Malcolm X," "Summer of Sam" and "Jungle Fever."	His movies include "Malcolm X," "Summer of Sam," "Jungle Fever" and "Do the Right Thing."
She was arraigned in New York state on three counts of murder and ordered held without bail.	She was arraigned on three counts of second-degree murder and ordered held without bail in Sullivan County Jail.
He acted as an international executive producer on Who Wants to be a Millionaire and The Weakest Link.	A Melbourne TV producer who worked on shows including Who Wants To Be a Millionaire?
Carlson on Tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case.	Service officials said Carlson refused to recuse himself from the case.
After 9/11, Connolly said, agents spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.	Connolly said FBI agents in San Diego and abroad spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.
The program will grow to include ports in Dubai, Turkey and Malaysia, among others.	The program will be expanded to include areas of the Middle East such as Dubai, Turkey and Malaysia, Mr. Ridge said.
With an estimated net worth of $1.7 billion, Mrs. Kroc ranked No. 121 on Forbes magazine's latest list of the nation's wealthiest people.	Kroc ranked No. 121 on Forbes magazine's latest list of the nation's wealthiest people, with an estimated net worth of $1.7 billion.
The biggest threat to order seemed to be looting and crime, including robberies by some of the prisoners freed by Saddam before the war.	The biggest threat to order seemed to be looting and crime, including robberies by some of the tens of thousands of prisoners that Mr. Hussein freed last year.
The woman was exposed to the SARS virus while in the hospital but was not a health care worker, said Dr. Colin D’Cunha, Ontario’s commissioner of public health.	The woman was exposed to the SARS virus while in the hospital but was not a health-care worker, said Dr Colin D'Cunha, Ontario's commissioner of public health.
"People who are high in positive emotions sleep better, they have better diets, they exercise more, they have lower levels of these stress hormones," Cohen said.	"Happy people sleep better, have better diets, exercise more and have less levels of stress hormones," Cohen said.
It wants to force him to return his allegedly ill-gotten gains, with interest, and pay penalties.	The agency wants him to return the illegal proceeds with interest and pay civil monetary penalties.
He added that those "are not solely American principles, nor are they exclusively Western."	"These are not solely American principles nor are they exclusively Western," Rumsfeld said.
Mahmud was seized near Tikrit, the area from which he and Hussein hail, about 90 miles north of Baghdad, U.S. military officials said Wednesday night.	Mahmud was seized near Tikrit, the area from which he and Saddam hail, about 150 kilometres north-west of Baghdad, US military officials said.
"If we don't march into Tehran, I think we will be in pretty good shape," he said.	"As long as we don't march on Tehran, I think we are going to be in pretty good shape," he said.
They remain 40 percent below the levels prior to February's initial overstatement news.	The stock remains 43 percent below levels prior to the February overstatement news.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> lost 6 points, or 0.71 percent, to 927.	The broad Standard & Poors 500-stock index was down 4.77 points to 929.62.
Bond voiced disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.	Bond also voiced his disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended this conference in Florida or last year's conference in Texas.
Emmy and Golden Globe Award-winners James Brolin and Judy Davis star as Ronald and Nancy Reagan in The Reagans.	James Brolin and Judy Davis play Ronald and Nancy Reagan in the CBS film.
The Swiss franc rose nearly a third of a centime against the dollar and was last at 1.2998 <CHF=> to the greenback.	The Swiss franc rose three quarters of a percent against the dollar and was last at 1.2980 to the greenback.
The purchase is the largest conservation transaction in Hawaii's history, the agencies said.	The $22 million deal, announced Thursday, is also the largest land conservation transaction in Hawaii history.
The FCC said existing televisions, VCRs, DVD players and related equipment would remain fully functional under the new broadcast flag system.	It also required that existing televisions, VCRs, DVD players and related equipment will remain fully functional under the new broadcast flag system.
Motorola had scheduled its earnings report to be released today after the close of trading.	The Schaumburg, Ill.-based company had scheduled its earnings report to be released on Tuesday after the close of trading.
For the third time in the past four years, wildfires are the problem.	It was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close.
Axcan's shares closed down 63 Canadian cents, or 4 percent, at C$16.93 in Toronto on Tuesday.	Axcan's shares were down 3.8 percent, or 66 Canadian cents, at C$16.90 in Toronto on Tuesday.
On Thursday, Lee won a preliminary injunction in New York preventing Viacom from using the name "Spike TV."	On Thursday, a New York City judge ordered Viacom to stop using the name Spike TV pending a trial.
A grief-stricken old woman, disconsolate with grief, smeared her face with dirt, uttering: "My child, my child."	One old woman, disconsolate with grief, smeared her face with dirt, only able to utter: "My child, my child."
In 1999 a California legislator proposed a law requiring driving tests for those over the age of 75 who sought to renew their licenses.	In 1999 a California state senator proposed a law requiring motorists over the age of 75 to take driving tests to renew their licenses.
Chad Kolton, emergency management spokesman with the Department of Homeland Security, said the government is open to new technologies and methods to communicate more quickly and efficiently.	Chad Kolton, emergency management spokesman with the Department of Homeland Security, said the government is open to new ways to communicate.
The results will be published the July 10 issue of the journal Nature.	The results appear in Thursday’s issue of the journal Nature.
The Opposition Leader, Simon Crean, said John Howard had been forced to make changes by the incompetence of his ministers.	The Leader of the Opposition, Simon Crean, said from Jakarta that the reshuffle had been forced by ministerial incompetence.
In fact, 10 million shares of the sale went to an unidentified charitable trust - which promptly sold them.	Turner said he transferred 10 million additional shares to a charitable trust, which also liquidated them.
The WHIMS study found that combination hormone therapy doubled the risk for probable dementia in women 65 and older and did not prevent mild cognitive impairment.	One study found that combination therapy doubled the risk of probable dementia and did not prevent less-severe mental decline.
Researchers found that people 65 and older who had fish once a week had a 60% lower risk of Alzheimer's than those who never or rarely ate fish.	Older people who eat fish at least once a week could cut their risk of Alzheimer's by more than half, a study suggests.
"APEC leaders are painfully aware that security and prosperity are inseparable," Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra told business leaders.	"APEC leaders are painfully aware that security and prosperity are inseparable," Thaksin said.
Clayton's shares were also suspended from trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	Clayton Homes' stock ceased trading on the New York Stock Exchange after Wednesday's close.
The cleanup, including new carpeting, electrical wiring and bathrooms, cost about $130 million.	The $130 million cleanup included new carpet, electrical wiring and bathrooms.
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organiser, who identified himself only as "Eleonora67]," to extend the contest until 8am (AEST) today.	Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer, who identified himself only as "Eleonora67," to extend the contest until 6 p.m. EDT Sunday.
US authorities blame Al Qaeda for the attacks, which killed 231 people, including 12 Americans.	U.S. authorities blame Osama bin Laden's al-Qaida network for the attacks, which killed 231 people, including 12 Americans.
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a US$70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.	Bremer said he would launch a $70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details.
Earlier this year, the company announced a restatement of its 2002, 2001 and 2000 financial results.	Earlier this year, the company said it would restate its 2000, 2001 and 2002 financial results.
U.S. same-store sales last months at Tim Hortons rose 8.8 per cent.	Tim Hortons' same-store sales in Canada rose by 6.7 per cent.
World economic leaders hailed signs of a global revival on Tuesday but agreed it had to be handled with care to prevent any setback.	DUBAI, SEPTEMBER 23:  The world economic leaders hailed on Tuesday signs of a global revival but agreed it had to be handled with care to prevent any setback.
Police said they believe Cruz knew of the girl through one of her former schoolmates - though neither the girl nor her family knew him.	Police said on Monday they believed Cruz knew of the fourth-grade girl through one of her former schoolmates, although neither the girl nor her family knew him.
Peck died peacefully at his Los Angeles home early Thursday with his wife of 48 years, Veronique, by his side.	Peck, who was 87, died peacefully at his Los Angeles home last Thursday with his French-born wife of 48 years, Veronique, at his side.
But in the end, all the worm did was visit a pornography site, said Vincent Weafer, a security director with Symantec Security Response in California.	But Vincent Weafer, security director with Symantec Security Response, said all the virus did was visit a pornography site.
While it was being called mandatory, Dupont said authorities were not forcing people from their homes.	It was called mandatory, but Dupont said authorities did not force people to leave.
Shares in Juniper Networks jumped more than 10 per cent on Monday after the networking equipment maker inked a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies.	The stock of Juniper Networks Inc. rose sharply Monday after the Mountain View, Calif.-based network-equipment maker announced a distribution and development deal with Lucent Technologies Inc.
The report said the Corpus Christi-based agent twice called Escobar while the legislator was with the other protesting Democrats in Ardmore, Okla.	The report said the agent twice called state Rep. Juan Escobar while he was with the other protesting Democrats in Ardmore, Okla.
Yesterday, shares closed up 29 cents, or 0.54 percent, at $54.32.	Amazon's shares yesterday closed at $54.32 on the Nasdaq Stock Market, up 29 cents.
North American futures pointed to a sub-par start to trading on Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.	North American stock markets got off to a slow start Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.
President Bush and top officials in his administration cited the threat from Iraq's alleged chemical and biological weapons and nuclear weapons program as the main justification for going to war.	President George Bush and top administration officials cited the threat from Iraq's banned weapons programs as the main justification for war.
Officials with Rescue California, one of the groups leading the recall campaign, called the lawsuit laughable.	The director of Rescue California, the group leading the recall campaign, called the lawsuit "laughable."
The agreement resolves a lawsuit AOL filed against Microsoft in January 2002 on behalf of its subsidiary, Netscape Communications.	The legal settlement resolves the private anti-trust lawsuit filed against Microsoft in January 2002 by AOL Time Warner's America Online unit on behalf of its Netscape subsidiary.
Dell has about 32 percent of the U.S. market, but much lower share in the rest of the world.	Dell has 32 percent of the PC market in the United States, but it has only a 10 percent share in the rest of the world.
He was sent to Larned State Hospital, where he was evaluated and treated.	He ordered him sent to the Larned State Security Hospital for continued evaluation and treatment.
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada - the FDA's counterpart in Canada.	The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada, which serves a similar role as the FDA for the Canadian government.
After about three hours of negotiations, the gunman released the hostages after authorities delivered on his request for soft drinks.	After about three hours of negotiations, the gunman released the hostages when authorities delivered on his request for a six-pack of soda.
Lee Peterson testified that he reached his son on his cell phone and talked to him for a couple of minutes.	Lee said he reached Scott on his cell phone and they talked for a couple minutes between noon and 2 p.m. on Dec. 24.
The judge ordered the unsealing yesterday at the request of several news agencies, including The Seattle Times, The Associated Press and the Seattle Post-Intelligencer.	The depositions were made public yesterday at the request of the P-I, The Seattle Times and The Associated Press.
Wittig resigned last year after being indicted on federal bank fraud charges involving a real estate loan unrelated to Westar business.	Wittig resigned in late November about two weeks after being indicted on bank fraud charges in a real estate case unrelated to the company.
Assani said Tuesday he did not know what to charge the men with because US officials refused to share information with him.	Prosecutors said they did not know what crimes to charge the men with because U.S. officials refused to share information with them.
Researchers predicted an additional 23 cases of dementia a year for every 10,000 women on the therapy.	This represents an additional 23 cases of dementia per year in every 10,000 women treated.
Jacob has pushed consolidation for years, but he has said many communities, especially rural ones, have opposed it.	Jacob has pushed consolidation for years but said it has been opposed by many communities, especially rural ones.
A slit the size of one created in the test would let in a stream of gas three times as hot as a blowtorch."	A slit the size of one created in the test would let in a stream of gas three times hotter than a blowtorch.
Legato stockholders will get 0.9 of a share of EMC stock for every share of Legato they own.	Under terms of the agreement, Legato stockholders will receive 0.9 shares of EMC common stock for each Legato share they hold.
"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise.'"	"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a compromise," Hollings said in a statement.
Goodrem, 18, announced on Friday that she was suffering Hodgkin's disease, a curable form of lymphoma cancer.	It was announced on Friday that Goodrem had been diagnosed with Hodgkin's disease, a form of cancer which affects the lymph nodes.
He says that "this is a time when we priests need to be renewing our pledge to celibacy, not questioning it.	"This is the time we priests need to be renewing our pledge to celibacy, not questioning it," he wrote.
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday.	Burma pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be released from a hospital after recovering from surgery but remain under detention at home, her personal physician said today.
United already has paid the city $34 million in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets.	United has paid $34 million in penalties for failing to meet employment targets.
The budget fell steadily until dropping as low as $2.93 billion in 1998 and has gradually risen to $3.27 billion for fiscal 2002.	It fell steadily until it dropped as low as $2.93 billion in 1998 and rose gradually to $3.27 billion for fiscal 2002.
A council of up to nine Iraqis probably will lead the countrys interim government through the coming months, the U.S. civil administrator said Monday.	A council of up to nine Iraqis will probably lead the country's still unformed interim government through the coming months, the American civil administrator said Monday.
He was arrested Friday night at an Alpharetta seafood restaurant while dining with his wife, singer Whitney Houston.	He was arrested again Friday night at an Alpharetta restaurant where he was having dinner with his wife.
They found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol.	And all of the samples contained molecules that can only be produced when cholesterol interacts with ozone.
Ghulam Mahaiuddin, head of administration in the southern province of Helmand, said the bus blast happened early in the morning, west of the provincial capital Lashkargah.	The bus blast in Helmand happened early in the morning in Nadi Ali district, west of the provincial capital Lashkargah.
Synthes-Stratec's cash payment for Mathys would be financed with cash on hand plus bank borrowings being arranged by Credit Suisse First Boston.	Synthes-Stratec's cash payment for Mathys will be made up of money on hand, plus bank borrowings arranged by Credit Suisse First Boston.
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld and others argued that Saddam Hussein possessed chemical and biological weapons and was hiding them.	Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld and others argued that Saddam Hussein (news - web sites) possessed chemical, biological and other weapons and was hiding them.
The numbers highlight a conundrum: the difficulty of classifying racial and ethnic categories in an increasingly fluid and multi-ethnic society.	As stark as the numbers themselves, is the conundrum they highlight: the growing difficulty of classifying racial and ethnic categories in an increasingly fluid and multi-ethnic society.
"Kmart needs to dramatically overhaul management in the areas of buying, store operations and sourcing," he said.	Overall, "Kmart needs to dramatically overhaul management in the areas of buying, store operations and sourcing," said Burt Flickinger of Strategic Resource Group.
The fight over online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court yesterday.	The fight over online music sales was disclosed in documents made available Monday by the court.
The two cases concerned the admissions policies of the University of Michigan's law school and undergraduate college.	The two cases were from the University of Michigan, one involving undergraduate admissions and the other, law school admissions.
Congo's war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the central government.	The Democratic Republic of Congo's war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded together to back rebels trying to topple Kinshasa.
She said Jane Doe's lawyers asked Verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena.	Jane Doe, deciding to fight the subpoena, asked Verizon to withhold her name.
The two men were allegedly trying to engage Russian exiles in Britain in the assassination plot.	The informant alleged that the two arrested men were trying to engage Russian exiles in Britain in the conspiracy to kill Mr Putin.
The council comprises 13 Shi'ites, five Sunni Arabs, five Kurds, an Assyrian Christian and a Turkmen.	The council includes 13 Shiites, five Kurds, five Sunnis, one Christian and one Turkoman.
University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's Web site, "Our fundamental values haven't changed.	"Our fundamental values haven't changed," Mary Sue Coleman, president of the university, said in a statement in Ann Arbor.
The company is working with the ObjectWeb consortium, Apache Software Foundation and the Eclipse IDE development community as part of the effort.	This framework will be based on the company's work with the ObjectWeb consortium, Apache Software Foundation and the Eclipse IDE community.
The first products are likely to be dongles costing between US$100 and US$150 that will establish connections between consumer electronics devices and PCs.	The first products will likely be dongles costing $100 to $150 that will establish connections between consumer electronics devices and PCs.
A base configuration with a 2.0GHz Intel Celeron processor, 128M bytes of memory, a 40G-byte hard drive, and a CD-ROM drive costs US$729.	A base configuration with a 2.4GHz Pentium 4, 128MB of RAM, a 40GB hard drive, and a CD-ROM drive costs $699.
"We have some small opportunities in November and maybe January," Mr. Parsons said optimistically.	"I think we have some opportunities -- some small opportunities -- in November and possibly January," he said.
Vaccine makers have been thrust into the limelight as government programs to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets.	Vaccine makers have been thrust into the limelight as government programs encourage wider vaccination amid fears of biological attacks.
Less than a month after departing her anchor's chair at "Dateline NBC," Jane Pauley has signed a new deal with NBC to host a syndicated daytime talk show.	Less than a month after leaving as host of "Dateline NBC," Pauley agreed Thursday to launch a daytime talk show for NBC Enterprises.
"The releases are the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar to multi-party democracy and national conciliation."	"The releases are the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar closer to multiparty democracy and national reconciliation," a government statement said.
A few hours later, the House voted 256 to 170 to pass the Healthy Forest Restoration Act sponsored by Rep. Scott McInnis, R-Colo.	The House voted 256-170 on Tuesday to approve the bill sponsored by Rep. Scott McInnis, R-Colo.
I would like to publicly thank Sir Alex Ferguson for making me the player I am today."	I would like to publicly thank Sir Alex Ferguson for making me the player I am today, Beckham said in the statement.
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	More than 130 people have been arrested and $17 million worth of property seized in an Internet fraud sweep announced Friday by three U.S. government agencies.
Without going into specifics, Oracle managers also indicated PeopleSoft's roughly 8,000 workers could expect mass layoffs.	Oracle managers also indicated PeopleSoft's roughly 8,000 workers could expect mass layoffs, though they did not get into specifics.
"I am happy to be here in the United States, far away from the clutches of the tyrant Castro," Wilson said through a Spanish interpreter.	"I am very happy to be here in the United States far away from the clutches of the tyrant Castro," Wilson told the judge.
Michel, who remains in the government, denied that US pressure had provoked the government's move.	Michel, who has stayed in the new government, denied that it was U.S. pressure which had provoked the government's move.
In January 1996, two of his nude models were arrested atop of a Manhattan snowdrift, posed beneath an ice-cream parlor sign that advertised Frozen Fantasies.	On Jan. 12, 1996, two of his nude models were arrested atop of a Manhattan snowdrift, posed beneath an ice-cream parlor sign that advertised "Frozen Fantasies."
Lakhani was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to a terrorist group and acting as an arms broker without a license.	He was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to terrorists, and dealing arms without a licence.
General Motors Corp. posted a record 8.4 percent improvement in 2000.	General Motors Corp. posted the best-ever improvement in 2000 at 8.4 percent.
Her detention brings to 19 the number of the 55 most-wanted Iraqis now in US custody.	Her detention brings to 19 the number of the 55 who have been caught.
"Contrary to the court's decision, we firmly believe Congress gave the FTC authority to implement the national Do Not Call list.	"Contrary to the court's decision, we firmly believe Congress gave the F.T.C. authority to implement the national do-not-call list," the congressmen said in a statement.
Ruffner, 45, doesn't yet have an attorney in the murder charge, authorities said.	Ruffner, 45, does not have a lawyer on the murder charge, authorities said.
Some of the computers also are used to send spam e-mail messages to drum up traffic to the sites.	Some are also used to send spam e-mail messages to boost traffic to the sites.
It also faces significant regulatory delays and uncertainty, and threatens serious damage to the company's business, he added.	"It is highly conditional, faces significant regulatory delays and uncertainty, and threatens serious damage to our business."
Mason said al-Amoudi was arrested at Dulles International Airport on Sunday as he came into the country.	Al-Amoudi was arrested at Dulles International Airport after arriving on a British Airways flight from London.
I never thought I'd write these words, but here goes: I miss Vin Diesel.	I never thought I'd say this, but I almost missed Vin Diesel at first.
Those findings, published in today's Journal of the American Medical Association, are the latest bad news about estrogen-progestin therapy.	The findings, published Tuesday in the Journal of the American Medical Association, were the latest bad news about estrogen-progestin therapy.
Experts said the case marks one of the first times in which a parent was charged with contributing to a child's suicide.	Legal experts say the case may mark the first time a parent has been convicted of contributing to a child's suicide.
An amendment to remove the exemption for the state-sanctioned sites failed on a much closer 237-186 vote.	An amendment to remove such protections failed by a vote of 186 to 237.
The AP quotes a local policeman as saying the British troops were targeted by townspeople angry over civilian deaths during a demonstration yesterday in the town of Majar Al-Kabir.	Associated Press quotes a local policeman as saying that the British troops were targeted by townspeople angry over civilian deaths during an earlier demonstration in the town of Majar al-Kabir.
Baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims "have shown, albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaeda".	Judge Harold Baer concluded Wednesday that lawyers for the two victims "have shown, albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida."
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said yesterday that the men's behavior "was a disgrace, and totally inappropriate for city employees."	Mayor Bloomberg said the "behavior of the people in question was a disgrace and totally inappropriate for city employees."
Right now, only six states do: Arkansas, Michigan, Minnesota, New Jersey, Virginia, and Wisconsin.	Manuals produced by only six states _ Arkansas, Michigan, Minnesota, New Jersey, Virginia and Wisconsin _ now have such sections.
Mr. Brendsel is expected to remain with the Freddie Mac Foundation.	Freddie expects Brendsel to continue serving as chair of the Freddie Mac Foundation.
They also are reshaping the retail business relationship elsewhere, as companies take away ideas and practices that change how they do business in their own firms and with others.	They also are reshaping the retail-business relationship, as companies take away concepts and practices that change how they do business internally and with others.
Frank Quattrone, the former Credit Suisse First Boston technology investment-banking guru, reportedly pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.	NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- Former star investment banker Frank Quattrone pleaded not guilty Tuesday to criminal charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
It is the fifth such election in Iraq, after the northern city of Mosul and three cities in Iraq's south.	Other elections have taken place in the northern city of Mosul and three cities in Iraq's south.
It said a civil complaint by the Securities and Exchange Commission is expected as well.	Stewart also faces a separate investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
"This individual's lawyers are trying to obtain from the court a free pass to download or upload music online illegally."	"Her lawyers are trying to obtain a free pass to download or upload music on-line illegally.
But SCO has hit back, saying: "We view IBM's counterclaim filing today as an effort to distract attention from its flawed Linux business model.	In a statement, an SCO spokeman said, "We view IBM's counterclaim filing today as an effort to distract attention from its flawed Linux business model.
Helicopters hovered over al-Khalidiya into the early hours of Sunday.	Helicopters hovered throughout the day over the Al-Khalidiya neighborhood where the raid took place.
If Walker appeals Parrish's ruling, it would stop the extradition process and could take several months, Rork said.	The appeal would stop the extradition process and could take several months, Rork said.
Boykin’s also referred to Islamist fighters as America’s “spiritual enemy” that, “will only be defeated if we come against them in the name of Jesus”.	Our "spiritual enemy," Boykin continued, "will only be defeated if we come against them in the name of Jesus."
The first vulnerability is a buffer overrun that results from IE's failure to properly determine an object type returned from a Web server.	First up, Microsoft said a buffer overrun vulnerability occurs because IE does not properly determine an object type returned from a Web server.
"To make sure that we avoided any perception of wrongdoing, we are not co-mingling appropriated and non-appropriated funds (from Congress)," said Faletti.	"To make sure that we avoided any perception of wrongdoing, we are not comingling appropriated and nonappropriated funds [from Congress]," said Faletti.
In Falluja on Thursday, two grenades were thrown at soldiers from the Third Armored Cavalry Regiment, wounding seven.	In Al-Fallujah, two grenades were thrown Thursday at soldiers from the 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment, wounding seven, none seriously.
Prince Saud said, "The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has been wrongfully and morbidly accused of complicity in the tragic terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001."	"The kingdom of Saudi Arabia has been wrongfully and morbidly accused of complicity in the tragic terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001," he said.
"If the voluntary reliability standards were complied with, we wouldn't have had a problem."	"If the voluntary reliability standards had been complied with, we wouldn't have had a problem," Mr. Dhaliwal said.
Bush also hoped to polish his anti-AIDS credentials in Uganda, which has been hailed as an African pioneer in fighting the killer disease.	President Bush flies to Uganda Friday hoping to polish his anti- AIDS credentials in a country hailed as an African pioneer in fighting the epidemic.
Shares of MONY were gaining $2.57, or 9%, to $31.90 in after-hours trading on Instinet.	MONY shares rose 8.76 per cent to $31.90 in after-hours trading in New York.
If achieved it would represent an increase of 10 per cent from the same quarter a year ago.	That would represent an increase of some 10 per cent from the year before, it added.
In the second quarter last year, the company experienced a net loss of $185 million, or 54 cents a share, on sales of $600 million.	The company posted a net loss of $185 million, or 54 cents per share, in the year-earlier period, it said in a statement Wednesday.
We need a certifiable pay as you go budget by mid-July or schools wont open in September, Strayhorn said.	Texas lawmakers must close a $185.9 million budget gap by the middle of July or the schools wont open in September, Comptroller Carole Keeton Strayhorn said Thursday.
In 1995, Schwarzenegger expanded the program nationwide to serve 200,000 children in 15 cities, most who come from housing projects or homeless shelters.	In 1995, Schwarzenegger expanded the program nationwide to 15 cities, serving 200,000 children, most of whom come from housing projects or homeless shelters.
A spokesman said: "Further testing is under way but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook is positive."	"Further testing is still under way, but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive," the specialist said yesterday.
Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.	This fall the command will send trainers to work with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and gathering intelligence.
Except for a few archaic characteristics, they are as recognizable as Hamlet's poor Yorick.	Except for a few archaic characteristics, the skulls are readily recognizable.
Only two other countries, Germany and the Dominican Republic, have publicly expressed reservations, and Germany has since said it will sign it.	Only two other countries, the Dominican Republic and Germany, publicly expressed reservations about the treaty, and Germany has since said it will support the pact.
The settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.	Plaintiffs' attorneys would get $4.1 million of the settlement.
Dick is going to be there as long as Dick wants to be there," Reuters reports Langone as saying.	"Dick is going to be there as long as Dick wants to be there."
The state has received 19 entries in a competition for a World Trade Center Memorial and is working with families of victims to select a winner.	The state has received 19 entries in that competition and is working with families of victims to select a winner.
However, John Clare, chief executive of the Dixons Group, expressed his disappointment.	John Clare, Dixons chief executive, objected to the Commission's findings.
U.S. manufacturing growth expanded for the third straight month in September but at a slower pace, according to a report released shortly after the opening bell.	US manufacturing grew for the third consecutive month in September, but at a slower rate than in previous months, according to a survey released Wednesday.
Microsoft has described the technology as "a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."	Microsoft calls it: "A brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media-rich applications in Longhorn."
It is rare for a legal challenge to occur before a bill becomes law.	Experts say legal challenges are rare before a bill becomes law.
St. Paul Chairman and Chief Executive Jay S. Fishman, 51, will be CEO of the combined company.	Jay Fishman, 51, chairman and chief executive of St Paul, will be chief executive of the combined company.
"It should have reported that it was sailing with an atomic bomb cargo," Anomeritis said, referring to the quantity of explosives on board.	"It should have declared that it was sailing with a cargo that was like an atomic bomb," said Anomeritis.
Mr. Bergonzi was the finance chief from 1995 until his departure in 1999, and was intimately involved in the alleged scheme to pump up Rite Aid's earnings.	Mr. Bergonzi was the chief financial officer from 1995 until his departure, and was intimately involved in many of the alleged schemes to pump up Rite Aid's earnings.
The Aspen Fire had charred more than 12,400 acres by today on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson, and more than 250 homes had been destroyed.	The fire has so far charred 11,400 acres on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson, and more than 250 homes have been destroyed.
They said he would be open to letting that license go to the city of Chicago.	Schafer said the governor would be open to offering that last license for a riverboat in Chicago.
It argued that such access "is not required by domestic or international law and should not be treated as a precedent."	The Pentagon statement said that allowing Hamdi access to a lawyer "is not required by domestic or international law and should not be treated as a precedent."
The male eagle was found by a zookeeper early Thursday, suffering from severe puncture wounds in his abdomen.	The 21-year-old eagle, found by a zookeeper early Thursday, had severe puncture wounds to his abdomen and back, spokeswoman Julie Mason said.
He served as a marine in the Second World War and afterward began submitting articles to magazines.	After serving as a marine in World War II, he began submitting articles to magazines.
In Taiwan, the capital's mayor and other officials handed out free thermometers in a islandwide ``take-your-temperature'' campaign Sunday, amid evidence that containment efforts were also paying off.	In Taiwan, officials handed out free thermometers in an island-wide ``take-your-temperature'' campaign amid signs containment efforts were paying off.
American forces here organized the elections, which officials say are important steps toward establishing democracy in Iraq.	U.S. forces organized the elections, which officials said were a step toward establishing democracy in the nation.
"If draining the ponds in Maryland will help further establish [his] innocence, we welcome it.	If draining the ponds in Maryland will further help establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
But Cruz resembled a police sketch of the suspect and had injuries consistent with what police expected from the struggle he had with the girl's mother, Lansdowne said.	Cruz looked like a police sketch of the suspect and had injuries consistent with what police expected from the struggle he had with Jennette's mother, Chief William Lansdowne said.
A number below 50 suggests contraction in the manufacturing sector, while a number above that indicates expansion.	A reading above 50 suggests growth in the sector, while a number below that level indicates contraction.
Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.	Half the women received a daily tablet of the combination oestrogen plus progestin while the rest were given a placebo.
Mr. Bloomberg later told reporters that the agreement "will be a compromise, like the real world requires."	"It will be a compromise, like the real world requires," he said.
IBM is also "pursuing membership in the group" and plans to be an active participant, according to the CELF statement.	CELF said IBM is pursuing membership and plans to be an active participant in the forum.
Through Thursday, Oracle said 34.75 million PeopleSoft shares had been tendered.	Some 34.7 million shares have been tendered, Oracle said in a statement.
The FBI is trying to determine when White House officials and members of the vice president’s staff first focused on Wilson and learned about his wife’s employment at the agency.	The FBI is trying to determine when White House officials and members of the vice president's staff focused on Wilson and learned about his wife's employment.
The face of President Saddam Hussein was added to Iraqi currency after the 1991 Gulf War.	Saddam's portrait was added to Iraq's currency after the Gulf War.
The Nikkei average ended trading down 1.83 percent at 10,310.04, a four-week low.	The Nikkei average .N225 was down 1.83 percent or 192.25 points at 10,310.04, its lowest close since August 28.
That exploit works on unpatched Windows 2000 machines with Service Pack 3 and 4.	Both Counterpane and iDefense contend that the exploit works effectively against Windows 2000 systems running Service Pack 3 and 4.
The center has a budget of $45 million, most of which will be spent on research and testing, Bridges said.	The safety center has a $45 million budget for its first year, much of which will be spent on tests and analyses.
"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," according to extracts released yesterday.	"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," Mrs Clinton writes.
The study was presented yesterday in Chicago at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America.	Both sets of findings were presented Monday at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America in Chicago.
"The impact of increased prices has only begun to be seen in the financial numbers of the company," Noranda president and chief executive officer Derek Pannell said.	"The impact of increased prices has only begun to be seen in the financial numbers of the company," president and CEO Derek Pannell said in a statement.
In exchange, North Korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program.	"In return we expect North Korea to give up nuclear weapons."
Thousands of people in the South of England caught a glimpse of a lunar eclipse as they gazed up at the sky on Saturday night.	Thousands of people in the South of England caught a glimpse of the lunar eclipse as they gazed up at the night sky early today.
It is a national concern that will touch virtually every American," Abraham said.	The impact of natural-gas shortages "will touch virtually every American," Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham warned yesterday.
It will also unveil a version of its Windows Server 2003 operating system tuned specifically for storage devices.	It also unveiled an update to its Windows Server 2003 operating system, which is tuned specifically for storage devices.
At 12, Lionel Tate was charged with first-degree murder over the death of Tiffany Eunick.	Tate was 12 when he was charged with beating Tiffany Eunick, 6, to death in July 1999.
Sales for the quarter beat expectations, rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros.	Sales rose 37 per cent year-on-year to 1.76bn, beating expectations.
If the MTA's appeal to a higher court is successful, the $2 bus and subway base fare won't be rolled back.	If the MTA's appeal is successful, the $2 bus and subway base fare won't change.
Now, nearly two years later, Mallard prepares for trial on charges of murder and tampering with evidence.	Chante Jawaon Mallard, 27, is charged with murder and tampering with evidence.
In Nairobi, Kenya, the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of All Saints Cathedral, said the U.S. Episcopal Church "is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion."	The Episcopal Church ''is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion,'' said the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of the All Saints Cathedral, in Nairobi.
Recall backers say they have collected 1,600,000 signatures, approaching twice the 897,158 needed to force an election.	Recall proponents say they have turned in nearly twice the number of necessary signatures.
Selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction.	Selenski had served about seven years in prison for bank robbery.
Robert Walsh, 40, remained in critical but stable condition Friday at Staten Island University Hospital's north campus.	Walsh, also 40, was in critical but stable condition at Staten Island University Hospital last night.
The decision was among the most significant steps toward deregulation undertaken during the Bush administration.	The decision is among the far-reaching deregulatory actions made during the Bush administration.
"For us, that doesn't make a difference - the sexual orientation," Archbishop Tutu said in the black urban centre of Soweto.	"For us that doesn't make a difference, the sexual orientation," Tutu told Reuters Television in South Africa's sprawling Soweto township.
The Guru microcontroller serves four functions: hardware monitoring, overclocking management, BIOS (Basic Input Output System) update and a troubleshooting-assistance feature called Black Box.	The µGuru microcontroller serves four functions: hardware monitoring, overclocking management, BIOS update and a troubleshooting-assistance feature called Black Box.
Sony's portfolio gives subscribers a variety of personalized services including the ability to download and experience images, ring tones, music videos and other music entertainment services.	Sony Music's portfolio of products and services currently enable carriers to offer subscribers the ability to download images, ring tones, music videos and other entertainment services.
He said the local organized crime police were investigating a suspect, but he would not confirm if it was the 24-year-old cited by Bitdefender.	He said the local organized crime police were investigating a suspect, but he would not say if it was Ciobanu.
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on Friday as Wall Street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in North America.	U.S. stocks rose slightly on feather-light volume on Friday, as Wall Street regrouped after the biggest-ever power outage in North America.
Big Blue says the SEC calls the action a fact-finding investigation and has not reached any conclusions related to this matter.	The SEC specifically advised IBM that this is a fact-finding investigation and that it has not reached any conclusions related to this matter.
They were held under Section 41 of the Terrorism Act 2000 on suspicion of involvement in the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism.	Badat was arrested under section 41 of the Terrorism Act “on suspicion of involvement in the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism,” Scotland Yard confirmed.
Starting on Saturday, every computer infected with MSBlast is expected to start flooding Microsoft's Windows Update service with legitimate-looking connection requests.	Starting on Aug. 16, every computer infected with MBlast will start flooding Microsoft's Windows Update service with legitimate-looking connection requests.
Florida's Third District Court of Appeal saidon Wednesdaythe original proceedings were "irretrievably tainted" by misconduct by lawyers representing the class.	Florida’s Third District Court of Appeal said on Wednesday the original proceedings were “irretrievably tainted” by misconduct by attorneys for the class.
The company said it would issue revised guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it releases its Q2 results.	The company said it would renew its guidance for 2003 when it announces its second quarter results in mid-July.
In addition, the committee noted, "while spending is firming, the labour market has been weakening".	"The evidence accumulated over the intermeeting period confirms that spending is firming, although the labor market has been weakening.
Nigeria and other African oil producers are increasingly important in U.S. plans to lessen dependence on Middle Eastern suppliers for its energy security.	Nigeria and other African producers are increasingly important in the former Texas oilman's plans to lessen dependence on Middle Eastern suppliers for energy security.
While many likely now will quit – as millions of women already have – Soltes said she likely will continue to prescribe the supplements for relief of change-of-life symptoms.	While many likely now will quit - as millions of women already have - Soltes said she is likely to continue prescribing the supplements for relief of change-of-life symptoms.
Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.	Ursel Reisen confirmed it had been operating the coach, but declined to give details of the passengers other than to say they were of mixed ages.
The judge also refused to postpone the trial date of Sept. 29.	Obus also denied a defense motion to postpone the Sept. 29 trial date.
Under the proposal, Slocan shareholders will get 1.3147 Canfor shares for each common share.	Under a proposed plan of arrangement, Slocan shareholders will receive 1.3147 Canfor shares for every Slocan share they own.
The day after Wilkie resigned, Howard said in a televised address that Iraq possessed "chemical and biological weapons capable of causing death and destruction on a mammoth scale".	In a televised address back in March, Mr Howard declared Iraq had weapons capable of "causing death and destruction on a mammoth scale".
"I stand 100 percent by it, and I think our intelligence services gave us the correct information at the time."	I stand 100 percent by it, and I think that our intelligence services gave us the correct intelligence and information at the time," Blair said.
Earlier on Monday, Grant Thornton SpA repeated previous statements that it was "a victim of fraudulent action".	Grant Thornton claims that it too was the “victim” of a fraud.
All three were studied for fingerprints, DNA and other traces of evidence, but prosecutors have not yet testified to what, if anything, they yielded.	All three were studied for fingerprints, DNA and other traces of evidence, but there has been no testimony yet about what the tests might have yielded.
J.D. Edwards shareholders will receive 0.86 of a share of PeopleSoft for each share of J.D. Edwards.	Shareholders will get 0.86 PeopleSoft share, or $13.11, for each J.D. Edwards share, based on recent trading prices.
That failure to act contributed to September the 11th and the failure to act today continues (to put) Americans in a vulnerable circumstance," Graham said.	"That failure to act contributed to September 11 and the failure to act today continues [to put] Americans in a vulnerable circumstance," said Graham.
The Intel C++ Compiler for Platform Builder for Microsoft .NET is available for the suggested list price of $1,499 and is intended for OEM and system integrator use.	The Intel C++ Compiler for Platform Builder for Microsoft Windows CE.Net is available for $1,499 and is intended for use by device manufacturers and systems integrators.
"There were," said board member and Nobel-prize winning Stanford physicist Douglas Osheroff, "some extremely bad decisions.	Board member Douglas Osheroff, a Nobel-prize winning Stanford physicist, said: "There were some extremely bad decisions.
He later learned that the incident was caused by the Concorde's sonic boom.	He later found out the alarming incident had been caused by Concorde's powerful sonic boom.
Zulifquar Ali, a worshiper slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the attackers first targeted the mosque's guards.	Witness Zulfiqar Ali, who was slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the attackers had focused on the mosque's guards.
He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.	He said the prob lem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet flies again.
"I think it's going to be a close vote, but I think the grant proposal is going to win," McConnell said.	"I think it's going to be a close vote, but I think the grant proposal's going to win," said Sen. Mitch McConnell, assistant majority leader.
"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attack," Barbara Comstock said.	"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks," said Barbara Comstock, Ashcroft's press secretary.
Since March 11, when the market's major indices were at their lowest levels since hitting multi-year lows in October, the tech-laden Nasdaq has climbed nearly 20 per cent.	Since March 11, when the markets major indexes were at their lowest levels since hitting multiyear lows in October, the tech-laden Nasdaq has climbed nearly 20 percent.
The two men, whose names were not released, both were using Pakistani passports and were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, police said.	The men had Pakistani passports and reportedly were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, law enforcement sources said.
"We've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress, probably later than we should have.	"We have put a lot of energy into patching, later than we should have," he said.
Rebels sought to consolidate their grip on a troubled northeastern Congolese town Tuesday after a week of fighting that killed at least 112 people.	Rebels consolidated their grip on a troubled northeastern Congolese town Tuesday as residents identified at least 112 dead after a week of fighting.
After their arrests, the men told investigators they paid to be smuggled into Blaine, Wash., from Canada last month, two sources said.	After their arrests, the men told investigators they paid to be smuggled into the United States from Canada last month.
"We can't change the past, but we can do a lot about the future," Sheehan said at a news conference Wednesday afternoon.	"We can't change the past, but we can do a lot about the future," Sheehan said hours after arriving in Phoenix.
Subsequently, some bondholders have filed suit to block the exchange offer.	Bondholders of Mirant Americas Generation subsequently filed suit against Mirant seeking to block the exchange offer.
Officer Evans did not respond to requests for an interview last week.	Officer Evans had declined written and telephone requests for an interview.
In his new position, Dynes will earn $395,000, a significant increase over Atkinson's salary of $361,400.	Dynes will be paid $395,000 a year; Atkinson's salary is $361,400.
Schering-Plough shares fell 72 cents to close at $18.34 on the New York Stock Exchange.	The shares fell 72 cents, or 3.8 percent, to $18.34 Monday on the New York Stock Exchange.
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and other top Pentagon officials downplayed Wallace's comments.	The Defence Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, and other top Pentagon officials played down his comments.
Twenty-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia's camp, when the mudslide smashed into two cabins.	Twenty-seven people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of Saint Sophia Camp, a Greek Orthodox facility, when the mudslide roared through.
One, Fort Carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was on his way home to attend his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania, relatives said.	Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania.
And "although the preconditions for recovery remain in place," it said the prospects for British exports were "weaker than previously expected."	"Although the preconditions for recovery remain in place, the prospect for external demand for UK output is weaker than previously expected."
Israel's defense minister on Sunday raised the specter of an Israeli invasion in the Gaza Strip, where Palestinian militants already face a deadly air campaign.	Shaul Mofaz, Israel's Defence Minister, raised the prospect of a ground offensive into the Gaza Strip, in addition to a growing air campaign to assassinate Hamas militants.
But Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December, the Center said.	It is the first named storm to develop in the Caribbean in December.
Announced last week, Apple's iTunes Music Store has sold over 1 million songs in the first week, the company announced on Monday.	Apple Computer's new online music service sold more than 1 million songs during its first week of operation, the company said Monday.
"Such communication will help adult smokers make more informed choices," company vice president Richard Verheij told a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee at a separate hearing.	"Such communication will help adult smokers make more informed choices," company vice president Richard Verheij told a separate hearing, before a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee.
After their arrests, the men told investigators they paid to be smuggled into the United States from Canada last month.	After their arrests, sources said the men admitted they were smuggled into Washington state from Canada in July.
The Production Index rose by 1.4 percentage points from 51.5 percent in May to 52.9 percent in June.	The production index rose to 52.9 percent from 51.5 percent in May.
Germany, another opponent of the war currently on the U.N. Security Council, has moved closer to the United States, and did not insist on a timetable Monday.	Germany, another opponent of the war currently on the U.N. Security Council, in recent weeks has moved closer to Washington and did not insist on a timetable.
Power5, like Power4, includes two processor cores in a single slice of silicon.	Like the Power4, the Power5 contains two processor cores on one chip.
She said in 2003, not one U.S. state had an obesity rate below 15 percent.	She said in 2003, not one American state had an obesity level less than 15 percent of the population.
Special, sensitive light sensors pick up the telltale glow, he said.	A sensitive light detector then looks for the telltale blue glow.
The federal government is approving new pesticides without basic information such as whether they harm children, says Canada's environment commissioner.	The federal government is approving new pesticides without even knowing whether they pose a threat to children, Canada's environment watchdog warned yesterday.
Overall, 83 percent of women washed up, compared with 74 percent of men.	But in San Francisco, 80 percent of men and only 59 percent of women washed their hands.
But stocks have rallied sharply over the past 3-1/2 months amid hopes for an economic rebound later this year.	But stocks have roared higher in the past 3-1/2 months amid hopes for an economic rebound.
"Spring has arrived in Estonia -- we're back in Europe," Prime Minister Juhan Parts told a news conference on Sunday.	"Spring has arrived in Estonia - we're back in Europe," Juhan Parts, prime minister, told a news conference last night.
SSE shares were little changed, up 0.3 percent at 654 pence by 1018 GMT, but analysts welcomed the move.	SSE shares were unchanged at 652 pence by 0835 GMT but analysts welcomed the deal.
"There is no conscious policy of the United States, I can assure you of this, to move the dollar at all," he said.	He also said there is no conscious policy by the United States to move the value of the dollar.
It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.	It is the nation's first large-scale counterterrorism exercise since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
"As a responsible leader we feel it necessary to make these changes because online chat services are increasingly being misused," Microsoft told the BBC.	"As a responsible leader we felt it necessary to make these changes because online chat services are increasingly being misused," stated Gillian Kent, director at MSN UK.
We have already found two trailers, both of which we believe were used for the manufacture of biological weapons.	We have already found two trailers that we and the Americans believe were used for chemical and biological weapons."
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital, her personal physician said.	Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday.
Governor Gray Davis estimated yesterday that the fires could cost nearly $2 billion.	State officials estimated the cost at nearly $2 billion.
None of the Prairie Plant Systems marijuana can be distributed until the document is made available, she said.	None of Prairie Plant's marijuana can be distributed until the Health Canada's user manual is made available, she said.
According to the Merchant Marine Ministry, the 37-year-old ship is registered to Alpha Shipping Inc. based in the Pacific Ocean nation of Marshall Islands.	The Baltic Sky is a 37-year-old ship registered to Alpha Shipping Inc. based in the Pacific Ocean nation of Marshall Islands.
He left the ship after the collision, went to his home, and attempted suicide.	Captain Smith left the ferry terminal after the crash, went to his home and attempted suicide.
He reportedly claims Prime Minister Sir Allan Kemakeza had made a deal with him to keep his guns while Harold Keke's group was armed.	He was reported as saying Prime Minister Sir Allan Kemakeza had made a deal with him to keep his guns while notorious warlord Harold Keke's group was armed.
"The woman was taken to New Charing Cross Hospital by ambulance and her condition is critical.	She was taken to Charing Cross Hospital, where she remained critically ill last night.
In an unusual move, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office is reconsidering a patent affecting Internet pages that critics contend could disrupt millions of Web sites.	In an unusual move that critics contend could disrupt millions of Web sites, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office is reconsidering a patent affecting Internet pages.
If sufficient evidence exists at the end of what is expected to be a five-day hearing, Peterson will be held for trial on the charges.	If the judge decides that is so at the end of what is expected to be a five-day hearing, Peterson will be held for trial on the charges.
They returned in 1999 after rebel raids on a neighboring Russian region and a series of deadly apartment-building bombings that were blamed on the rebels.	In 1999, troops returned after rebel raids on a neighbouring Russian region and a series of deadly apartment-house bombings in Russian cities that were blamed on the rebels.
Tropical Storm Claudette continued its slow churn toward the Texas coast early Sunday, with forecasters expecting the plodding storm system to make landfall as a hurricane by early Tuesday.	Tropical Storm Claudette headed for the Texas coast Saturday, with forecasters saying the sluggish storm system could reach hurricane strength before landfall early Tuesday.
"Everything is going to move everywhere," Doug Feith, undersecretary of defence for policy, said in an interview.	"Everything is going to move everywhere," Douglas J. Feith, undersecretary of defence force policy, is quoted as saying.
According to Sanmina-SCI, Newisys, based in Austin, Texas, will become a wholly-owned subsidiary.	Newisys, an Austin, Texas, startup headed by former IBM and Dell execs, will become a wholly-owned subsidiary.
Several black Democratic leaders were attempting to arrange a meeting with DNC chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs.	Black Democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at party headquarters.
The Emeryville-based toy company filed suit Friday in federal court in Wilmington, Del., claiming Fisher-Price is violating its 1998 patent on interactive learning books for toddlers and preschoolers.	The Emeryville-based toy company filed suit Friday claiming Fisher-Price is violating its 1998 patent on interactive-learning books for toddlers and preschoolers.
They also drafted a non-binding priorities list specifying that a quarter of it may be used to reduce planned 5 percent cuts in fees paid to health-care providers.	They also drafted a nonbinding priorities list specifying that one-quarter may be used to reduce planned cuts of 5 percent in fees paid to health care providers.
"I love the Catholic Church with all my heart, mind, soul and strength," said Troy, who spoke quickly but in a steady voice.	"I love the Catholic Church with all my heart, mind, soul and strength," he said.
"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks," said Barbara Comstock, Ashcroft's press secretary.	"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attack," said Barbara Comstock, Justice Department spokeswoman.
He blamed guerrillas from the Taliban regime ousted in late 2001 and said it was possible the bomber died in the blast.	He blamed the blast on guerillas from the Taliban regime overthrown in late 2001 and said it was possible the bomber was killed in the blast.
Waiting crowds filling the streets on both sides overwhelmed the peacekeepers soon after daylight, sweeping past the barbed wire barricades.	But waiting crowds filling the streets rushed the bridges soon after daylight, overrunning razor-wire barricades.
Hannum was five and a half months pregnant when her mother died.	In her testimony, Kate Hannum said she was 5 1/2 months pregnant when her mother was killed.
Barry Callebaut will be able to use Brach's retail network to sell products made from its German subsidiary Stollwerck, which makes chocolate products not sold in the United States.	Barry Callebaut will be able to use Brach's retail network to sell products made from its German subsidiary Stollwerck, which makes chocolate products unknown to the American market.
The other 18 people in the building, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend, were not injured, police spokesman Don Aaron said.	The other 18 people inside the building - two visitors and 16 employees, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend - escaped unharmed, Aaron said.
By skirting the FDA's oversight, Eagan said, the quality of the imported drugs is "less predictable" than for those obtained in the United States.	By skirting the FDA's oversight, Eagan said the quality of the imported drugs is "less predictable" than U.S. drugs.
He also accused royal courtiers of poisoning the brothers’ “little minds”.	He said the royal family has poisoned the princes' "little minds."
The G+J executive was testifying in Manhattan's State Supreme Court where O'Donnell and G+J are suing each other for breach of contract.	He spoke in Manhattan's State Supreme Court, where O'Donnell and G+J sued each other for breach of contract.
He said: "For the first time there is an easy and affordable way of making this treasure trove of BBC content available to all."	"For the first time, there is an easy and affordable way of making this treasure trove of BBC content available to all," Dyke said.
By 10 p.m., Claudette was centered about 320 miles east of Brownsville, with maximum sustained winds of 65 mph, 9 mph shy of hurricane strength.	Early Monday, the center of Claudette was about 300 miles east of Brownsville, with maximum sustained wind blowing at 65 mph, 9 mph shy of hurricane strength.
Jim Furyk celebrated his first Father's Day as a father by winning his first major golf championship.	His first Father's Day as a dad, his first major as a champion.
"We must not engage in borough warfare," Thompson testified at a budget hearing by the City Council's Finance Committee.	"We must not engage in borough warfare," the Comptroller William Thompson told the Council, according to his written testimony.
He took batting practice on the field for the second time Tuesday since his opening-day injury.	Jeter, who dislocated his left shoulder in a collision March 31, took batting practice on the field for the first time Monday.
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer, who identified himself only as "Eleonora[67]," to extend the contest until 7 p.m. EST Sunday.	Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organiser, who identified himself only as "Eleonora67]," to extend the contest until 8am (AEST) today.
But to see those pages, users would be required by Amazon to register, and Amazon plans to limit the amount of any single book a customer can view.	But to see those pages Amazon would require users to register, and it plans to limit the amount of any single book a browser can view.
Eric Gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities.	Gagne struck out two in a perfect ninth inning for his 23rd save.
Between 1993 and 2002, 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.	From 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
"Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these superannuation payments irrespective of ... (how) he left the company," Mr Argus said.	"Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these (pension) payments irrespective of the circumstances in which he left the company," Mr Argus said.
Five Big East schools, Connecticut, Pittsburgh, Rutgers, Virginia Tech and West Virginia, filed the lawsuit June 6.	Pittsburgh, West Virginia, Rutgers, Connecticut and Virginia Tech filed the lawsuit this month in Hartford, Conn.
Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign, but he is recovered.	Graham acknowledged that surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign, but he said he feels strong and has the go-ahead from his doctors.
As temperatures soar above 50 degrees (120 Fahrenheit), fridges and air conditioners have stuttered to a halt in Basra.	As temperatures soar above 120 Fahrenheit in Basra, fridges and air conditioners have stuttered to a halt.
Chief merchandising officers oversee the buying and development of merchandise, deciding the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.	He or she decides the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.
"September and third-quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly," George Scalise, the SIA's president, said in the statement.	"September and third quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly," stated SIA President George Scalise, in a statement.
The ISM noted that "with the exception of March 2003, growth in business activity has been reported by ISM members every month beginning with February 2002."	"With the exception of March 2003, growth in business activity has been reported by ISM members every month beginning with February 2002," the Arizona-based group said.
That investigation closed without any charges being laid.	The investigation was closed without charges in 2001.
Gary Nicklaus, the 34-year-old son of Jack Nicklaus who is playing on a sponsor's exemption, birdied five of his first nine holes before faltering to a 69.	Gary Nicklaus, the 34-year-old son of the Golden Bear who is playing on a sponsor's exemption, birdied five of his first nine holes before shooting 69.
"There is no conscious policy on the part of the United States to move the dollar at all," Snow said.	"There is no conscious policy of the United States, I can assure you of this, to move the dollar at all," he said.
"Events on our system, in and of themselves, could not account for the widespread nature of the outage," FirstEnergy Chief Executive Peter Burg told the House panel.	"Events on our system, in and of themselves, could not account for the widespread nature of the outage," Burg said.
Kinsley, for example, wrote in the Post Monday: "Sinners have long cherished the fantasy that William Bennett, the virtue magnate, might be among our number.	"Sinners have long cherished the fantasy that William Bennett, the virtue magnate, might be among our number," Michael Kinsely wrote.
He projected Vanderpool will be available within the next five years.	Products featuring Vanderpool will be released within five years, he said.
The ambassador said it was up to the Americans to press the Iraqis to make the invitation, which he said the United States appears unwilling to do.	The ambassador said it was up to the Americans to press the Iraqi council to make the invitation - a move he said the United States appears unwilling to make.
He was released on $3-million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas, where he had been filming a video.	After posting $3 million bail, Jackson flew to Las Vegas, where he had been working on a video.
Florida's primary isn't until March 9 - following 28 other states.	Florida's primary will be March 9, after 28 states' primaries or caucuses.
"It still remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short- or long-lived," Sprayregen said.	"It remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short- or long-lived," said James Sprayregen, UAL bankruptcy attorney, in court.
Dividends are currently taxed at ordinary income tax rates of as much as 38.6 per cent.	Under current law, dividends are taxed at standard income tax rates up to 38.6 percent.
Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist, a Tennessee Republican, said he intended to work to get the loan provision removed from the final bill.	Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist, a Tennessee Republican, said he intended to work to see that the loan provision was not in the final bill.
The two blond opponents appeared almost identical in matching powder-blue outfits – to their dismay.	The two blond opponents appeared almost identical because they wore matching powder-blue outfits - to their dismay."
The decision unnerved voting officials who already have been warning that they have barely enough time to organize the election before the balloting is scheduled to begin.	The decision unnerved voting officials who already have been warning they have barely enough time to organize the election.
The House Government Reform Committee rapidly approved the legislation this morning.	The House Government Reform Committee passed the bill today.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.	The Standard & Poor's 500 Index shed 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.
"Allison just proves you don't need to wait until August or September to have a disaster," said Josh Lichter, a meteorologist with the Houston-Galveston weather office.	"Allison just proves you don't need to wait until August or September to have a disaster," Lichter said.
Today, analysts say, UN members can no longer ignore the shifts since the September 11 2001 attacks.	On Wednesday, analysts say, UN members can no longer ignore the shifts since the attacks in the US of September 11 2001.
The seizure of the money was confirmed by a US Treasury official assigned to work with Iraqi financial officers in Baghdad in rebuilding the country's banking and financial system.	The seizure of the money was confirmed by a United States Treasury official assigned to work with Iraqi financial officers here to rebuild the country's banking and financial system.
The lawsuit, filed after a 19-month investigation by the Employee Benefits Security Administration, names Lay and Skilling among others.	The lawsuit, filed after a 19-month investigation by the Employee Benefits Security Administration, names former Enron Chairman Kenneth Lay and former chief executive Jeff Skilling, among others.
Police say CIBA was involved in the importation of qat, a narcotic substance legal in Britain but banned in the United States.	Mr McKinlay said that CIBA was involved in the importation of qat, a narcotic substance legal in Britain but banned in the US.
Overall, students are most likely to be taught by a 15-year veteran with a growing workload and slightly eroding interest in staying in teaching, the work-force portrait shows.	The average teacher is a 15-year veteran with a growing workload and slightly eroding interest in staying in teaching, the work force portrait shows.
Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.	Carnival Corp. stock was down 2.5 percent, or 81 cents, at $31.20 on the New York Stock Exchange.
According to the 2000 Census, Long Beach's Hispanic or Latino population was listed at 35.8 percent.	According to the Census Bureau, the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figures.
With 2.3 million members nationwide, the Episcopal Church is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member global Anglican Communion.	The Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Communion.
BEA Systems Inc. BEAS.O on Thursday said second-quarter profits rose 28 percent, as revenues grew amid a contracting overall market for business software.	BEA Systems Inc. BEAS.O said on Thursday second-quarter profits rose 28 percent, as revenues grew slightly more than Wall Street expected amid a contracting overall market for business software.
It will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.	Details of the research will appear in a future issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Mr. Geoghan had been living in a protective custody unit since being transferred to the prison on April 3.	He had been in protective custody since being transferred to Souza-Baranowski in April, officials said.
WinFS will require that applications be rewritten to exploit such capabilities.	However, applications will have to be rewritten to take advantage of such capabilities.
The pilot decided to fly to Kennedy, which has longer runways than Newark Airport.	"Realizing this, the pilot changed course and diverted to Kennedy, which has longer runways."
The number of probable cases dropped to 64 on Tuesday from 66 on Monday in and around Toronto, a city of four million people.	As of Monday, there were 66 probable cases in and around Toronto, a city of 4 million people.
Despite their differences, U.S. and EU leaders said there were areas of agreement.	Despite these and other differences, U.S. and EU leaders insisted they were working well together.
Bolland told the News of the World: “I was astonished at Sir Michael’s question.	Mr Bolland said: "I was astonished at Sir Michael's question.
Symbol's former chief accounting officer, Robert Korkuc, is expected to plead guilty in a federal court in Long Island later Thursday, according to reports.	The Securities and Exchange Commission announced that Robert Korkuc was expected to plead guilty Thursday in federal court on Long Island to securities fraud charges.
Two partners in Grant Thornton's Italian business were arrested last week and questioned by magistrates investigating the collapse of Parmalat, the Italian dairy company.	Two partners in Grant Thornton's Italian business have been arrested and are being questioned by magistrates over the collapse of the giant food group.
But Senate criticism of the House plan Tuesday came on several fronts.	And several Senate Republicans are cranky about the House map.
The industry censor forbade the sexual innuendo contained in the play and would not allow the characters to sleep together.	The industry censor forbade the sexual innuendo of the play and would not allow Ewell's character to sleep with Monroe's.
A month ago, the Commerce Department estimated that GDP had grown at a 7.2 percent rate in the third quarter.	A month ago, the Commerce Department said GDP grew at a 7.2 percent rate.
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.	Chiron has acceptances from holders of nearly 20 percent of PowderJect shares.
Mark Kaiser, vice-president of marketing, and Tim Lee, vice-president of purchasing, were dismissed last week.	Mark Kaiser and Tim Lee, respectively US Foodservice vice-presidents for marketing and purchasing, have been dismissed.
The most recent was in 1998, when Dr Barnett Slepian was killed in his home in Amherst, New York.	The most recent killing was in 1998, when Dr. Barnett Slepian was shot and killed in his home in Amherst, N.Y.
Meanwhile, Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst alluded to an interparty political struggle: "Sounds like the Republican primary started early this year."	Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst suggested a political motive for the report, saying: "It sounds like the Republican primary started early this year."
Jason Giambi capitalized with an RBI single to center.	Jason Giambi contributed a two-out RBI single.
"Although some firms show BPO savings, vendors overstate their current offerings," John C. McCarthy, Forrester Group director, said.	"Although some firms show BPO savings, vendors overstate their current offerings," McCarthy said in a statement.
Bloodsworth was ultimately cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim's panties.	In 1993, after nine years in prison, Bloodsworth was cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim's panties.
Rescue workers had to scrounge for boats to retrieve residents stranded by high water.	Wagner and Wolford both said that rescue workers were scrounging for boats to retrieve residents stranded by high water.
In the year-ago period, Pearson posted a 26 million pre-tax profit.	A year ago the firm posted a profit of 26 million pounds.
World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. also have filed applications seeking authority to provide service to Iraq.	Cargo carriers World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. have also applied for permission to fly to Baghdad, Mosley said.
When the manager let him in the apartment, Brianna was in her mother's bedroom lying in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching cartoons.	When a manager let him into the apartment, the youngster was lying in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and was watching a TV cartoon channel.
Air Transport Association spokeswoman Diana Cronan said that travel was down in May through July and that she also expected it to be off over Labor Day.	ATA spokeswoman Diana Cronan said travel was down in May through July, and she also expects it to be down some over Labor Day.
"NASA's organizational culture and structure had as much to do with this accident as the (loose) foam."	"The NASA organizational culture had as much to do with this accident as the foam," the report said.
Civil liberties groups protested and a US district judge ruled that the monument was an unconstitutional promotion of religion.	Civil liberties groups filed suit, and U.S. District Judge Myron Thompson ordered the monument moved last October, calling it an unconstitutional promotion of religion by government.
They are due to appear in the Brisbane Magistrates Court today.	The men will appear in Brisbane Magistrates Court on Monday.
Jordan Green, the prelate's private lawyer, said he had no comment.	O'Brien's attorney, Jordan Green, declined to comment.
Some state lawmakers say they remain hopeful Bush will sign it, though they acknowledge pressure on the governor to do otherwise.	Some state legislators behind the bill say they remain hopeful Bush will sign the legislation, though they acknowledge pressure is building on the governor to do otherwise.
The attack followed several days of disturbances in the city where American soldiers exchanged fire with an unknown number of attackers as civilians carried out demonstrations against the American presence.	The attack came after several days of disturbance in the city in which U.S. soldiers exchanged fire with an unknown number of attackers as civilians protested the American presence.
"Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands," Heyer said in a statement.	In a statement, Heyer said, "Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands.
However, official statistics published this week showed a surprise 0.6 per cent fall in manufacturing output in August.	The ONS this week reported a surprise 0.6 per cent fall in manufacturing output in August.
Printer maker Lexmark International Inc. spurted $3.95 to $63.35, recouping some of the $14.10 it lost Monday.	Other gainers included Lexmark, which rose $US3.95 to $US63.35, recouping some of the $US14.10 it lost Monday.
Representatives of abuse victims were dismayed by the development.	Representatives of abuse victims expressed dismay at the possibility.
He said the issue of disclosing classified information about a C.I.A. officer was "a very serious matter" that should be "pursued to the fullest extent" by the Justice Department.	The White House said that leaking classified information was a serious matter that should be "pursued to the fullest extent" by the Justice Department.
No company employee has received an individual target letter at this time.	She said no company official had received "an individual target letter at this time."
Under the U.S. Constitution, the other chamber of Congress, the House of Representatives, does not vote on foreign alliances.	The U.S. House of Representatives, the other chamber of Congress, does not vote on treaties.
Shares in Wal-Mart closed at $58.28, up 16 cents, in Tuesday trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	Wal-Mart shares rose 16 cents to close at $58.28 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Two of the Britons, Sandy Mitchell from Glasgow and Glasgow-born William Sampson, face the death penalty.	Sandy Mitchell, 44, from Kirkintilloch, Glasgow, and William Sampson, a British citizen born in Glasgow, face beheading in public.
During a period of nearly a decade, Telemarketing Associates raised more than $7 million.	Telemarketing Associates, hired by VietNow, raised $7.1 million from 1987 to 1995.
In the present case, Mr. Day said he hoped there would be another mediated out-of-court settlement, and he estimated that it could approach $30 million.	In the present case, too, Mr. Day said he hoped there would be an out-of-court settlement, which he estimated could approach $30 million.
"That doesn't mean to say it doesn't exist," said Mr. Chandler, but simply that his team hasn't uncovered evidence indicating such a link.	"That doesn't mean to say it doesn't exist," Mr. Chandler said, but simply that his team has found no such evidence.
In 2002, the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee took in $18,009 from moonlighting as a songwriter, according to his latest Senate financial disclosure.	In 2002, Senator Trapdoor took in $18,009 from moonlighting as a songwriter, according to his latest Senate financial disclosure.
Mr Levine confirmed that Ms Cohen Alon had tried to sell the story during the World Cup.	Ms Cohen Alon's lawyer, Donald Levine, confirmed she tried to sell the story in February.
In addition to HP, vendors backing SMI-S include Computer Associates, EMC, IBM, Sun and Veritas.	Computer Associates, EMC, IBM, Sun Microsystems, and VERITAS are also onboard to support the storage standard.
Business groups and border cities have raised concerns that US-VISIT will mean longer waits to cross borders and will hurt commerce.	Business groups and border cities have raised concerns that US-VISIT will mean longer lines that will damage cross-border commerce.
Second-quarter results reflected a gain of 10 cents per diluted share, while the 2002 results included a loss of 19 cents per diluted share.	The second-quarter results had a non-operating gain of 10 cents a share while the 2002 second-quarter performance had a net non-operating loss of 19 cents a share.
Easynews Inc. was subpoenaed late last week by the FBI, which was seeking account information related to the uploading of the virus to the ISP's Usenet news group server.	Easynews Inc. said Monday that it was cooperating with the FBI in trying to locate the person who uploaded the virus to a Usenet news group hosted by the ISP.
Two women lost their battle in a British court yesterday to save their frozen embryos and use them to have children without the consent of their former partners.	Two British women lost a desperate court battle on Wednesday to have babies using frozen embryos their former partners want destroyed.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index lost 6.77, or 0.7 percent, to 927.62 as of 10:33 a.m. in New York.	The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX shed 0.17 of a point, or just 0.02 percent, to 934.
Instead of being reprimanded by court security officers, a smiling senior policeman shook hands with Mr Laczynski and patted him on the shoulder.	Instead of being reprimanded by court security officers, a senior policeman smiled and shook Mr Lacsynski's hand and patted him on the shoulder.
"He just heard two huge bangs and the balloon shuddered and fell," Nicky Webster, a spokesman for Hempleman-Adams, said.	Partway across the Atlantic, "He just heard two huge bangs and the balloon shuddered and fell," the balloonist's spokesperson Nicky Webster said.
A Commerce spokesman issued a brief statement late Friday, noting that the task force "evaluated regions of the world that are vital to global energy supply."	"The energy task force evaluated regions of the world that are vital to global energy supply," the statement said.
Revenue jumped 26 percent to $817 million, the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement.	Revenue rose 26 percent, to $817 million, the company, based in South San Francisco, Calif., said.
"PeopleSoft has consistently maintained that the proposed combination of PeopleSoft and Oracle faces substantial regulatory delays and a significant likelihood that the transaction would be prohibited."	PeopleSoft has argued that an Oracle takeover would face substantial regulatory delays and a significant likelihood that the transaction would be prohibited.
Cruz came to the United States in 1960, a year after the Cuban revolution.	Cruz came to the United States in 1960, a year after Fidel Castro overthrew a dictatorship and installed a Communist government.
The Association of South East Asian Nations groups Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, and Vietnam.	ASEAN comprises Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam.
The fight about online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court Monday.	The fight over online music sales was disclosed in documents made available Monday by the court.
Referring to a battle against a Muslim warlord in Somalia, Boykin told another audience, "I knew my God was bigger than his.	Referring to a Muslim fighter in Somalia, Boykin said that "my God was bigger than his.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.3 per cent at 9,886.75, while the Nasdaq Composite index was 0.4 per cent higher at 1,986.97.	On Wall Street, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.5 per cent at 9,905.8 and the Nasdaq Composite added 0.7 per cent at 1,995.1.
His decision was delayed by concerns over the budget process in Washington and the war in Iraq.	Daniels told the Star April 20 he was holding back because of concerns over the budget process in Washington and the war in Iraq.
In addition, juries in both state and federal cases have become increasingly reluctant to impose the death penalty.	Juries in state and federal cases alike have also grown reluctant to impose the death penalty.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 index slipped 12.27 points or 1.23 percent to 981.73.	The S.& P. 500 slipped 12.27 points, or 1.2 percent, to 981.73.
The other 18 people inside the building -- two visitors and 16 employees, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend -- escaped unharmed, Aaron said.	The other 18 people in the building, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend, were not injured, police spokesman Don Aaron said.
BT said the combination would have an immediate impact on subscriptions with 60,000 additional customers between September and March, 2004.	BT said it expected the combination to reap 60,000 additional customers between September and March, 2004.
The King of Prussia-based company could liquidate the other two chains if it cannot find a buyer by then, the company said.	The company, based in King of Prussia near Philadelphia, said it could liquidate the other two chains if it cannot find a buyer for them.
He has declined to comment on the charges, but court documents indicate a lingering medical problem could be part of his defense.	He has declined to comment on the charges, but court documents show that a lingering medical condition could contribute to his defense.
They used discarded skin from consenting patients who had undergone surgery and exposed it to UVA light at intensities similar to that of sunlight.	Sanders and colleagues at RAFT exposed skin samples removed from consenting patients during surgery to UVA light at intensities similar to that of sunlight.
Regional utility Tohoku Electric Power Co Inc said an 825,000-kilowatt (kW) nuclear reactor, the Onagawa No.3 unit near Sendai automatically shut down due to the quake.	Japan's Tohoku Electric Power Co Inc said an 825,000-kilowatt (kW) nuclear reactor, the Onagawa No.3 unit in northern Japan, automatically shut down due to the quake.
Blagojevich reiterated his stance Wednesday to not prop up the budget with a gambling expansion.	Governor Rod Blagojevich said he would not balance the state budget with gambling revenues.
"I'm pleased by the fact that we are bringing this to a conclusion," he said.	"I'm pleased we are bringing it to a conclusion," Garton said.
Many women complain that they become more forgetful around the time of menopause, and some doctors believe that hormonal changes are the reason.	Many women complain that they become more forgetful after menopause, and some doctors have come to believe the hormonal changes brought on by menopause are the reason.
Sobig.F became one of the most widespread viruses ever, crippling corporate e-mail networks and filling home users' inboxes with a glut of messages.	Since surfacing late Monday, Sobig.F has been crippling corporate e-mail networks and filling home users' inboxes with a glut of messages.
The girl turned up late Sunday at a convenience store in East Palo Alto, about 30 miles from her home.	The girl turned up late Sunday night at an East Palo Alto convenience store about 30 miles from her home.
The SEC specifically advised IBM that this is a fact-finding investigation and that it has not reached any conclusions related to this matter, IBM said in a statement.	Big Blue says the SEC calls the action a fact-finding investigation and has not reached any conclusions related to this matter.
"His advice to the House Republicans is to pass it, to send it to him, so he can sign it."	The president's "advice to the House Republicans is to pass it, to send it to him, so he can sign it," said White House spokesman Ari Fleischer.
At his request, he will be reassigned within the district.	District Superintendent J. Chester Floyd told reporters Monday that McCrackin will be reassigned within the district.
Worldwide, more than 50 million people have seen "Les Miz," with gross receipts of $1.8 billion.	Worldwide, Les Misérables has been seen by over 50 million people, with a total gross of over $2 billion.
The US Federal Trade Commission has also filed a lawsuit challenging Rambus.	Still pending against Rambus is a lawsuit brought by the Federal Trade Commission.
That would give smokers the right to take complaints to the Human Rights Commission or Human Rights Review Tribunal.	He agrees that technically smoking could be considered a disability, giving smokers the right to take complaints to the Human Rights Commission or Human Rights Review Tribunal.
Their father had pleaded with the doctors to stop the fight after his wife's euthanasia bid left their son in a coma and he was put on life-support.	Their father had pleaded with doctors to abandon their efforst after his wife's euthanasia bid left their son in a coma and he was put on life support.
Brian Florence, 38, died Sept. 25 of a heart attack in Alexandria, said the couple's lawyer, Maranda Fritz.	"Mr. Florence died Thursday of heart failure," said the couple's lawyer, Maranda Fritz.
The review outlines the tariffs' impact on domestic steel industry and steel consumers halfway through the three-year program.	The ITC midpoint review of the tariffs outlines their impact so far on the domestic steel industry and steel consumers.
Besides the fact that Americans want to be liked, she said, there is a "huge cost when world opinion is negative to the United States.	Americans just want to be liked, she said, but there also is a "huge cost" when world opinion is negative toward the United States.
John Logsdon, a board member, said that "human spaceflight had become a place where dissent was not welcome."	In fact, said John Logsdon, a board member and George Washington University expert on space policy, "human spaceflight had become a place where dissent was not welcome."
PC-related products were the strongest sector in July, with microprocessors up 5.6% and DRAMs up 8.2% from June, the industry group said.	PC-related products were the strongest sellers, with microprocessors up 5.6 percent and DRAMs up 8.2 percent, the SIA said.
The Prime Ministers of China, Russia and four central Asian nations have met in Beijing and approved a budget for their regional security grouping.	The prime ministers of China, Russia and four Central Asian countries signed agreements on Tuesday that set plans in motion for a long-awaited regional anti-terrorism centre in Uzbekistan.
"Overwhelmingly the Windows brand really resonated with them."	"Windows was the part of the experience that really resonated with people."
The OneNote note-taking tool is listed at £169.99 while the InfoPath XML (Extensible Markup Language) data gathering application is priced at £179.99.	The OneNote note-taking tool is listed at $273 while the InfoPath XML data gathering application is priced at $289.
The current plan is to release the videotapes of the sessions, after U.S. review, on Friday, said Jim Landale, a spokesman for the tribunal.	The current plan is to release videotapes of the sessions on Friday, after the review, said Jim Landale, a tribunal spokesman.
Forty to 50 years ago, the ratio was 3 to 1, Kessler said, and 10 years ago, it was 2 to 1.	Forty to 50 years ago, the ratio was about 3-to-1, Kessler said, and 10 years ago, it was about 2-to-1.
Before addressing the economy, Bush discussed the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia, which killed as many as 29 people, including seven Americans.	The president began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people, including seven Americans.
Sens. John Kerry and Bob Graham declined invitations to speak.	The no-shows were Sens. John Kerry of Massachusetts and Bob Graham of Florida.
Senate passage of the Medicare bill was almost certain, possibly as early as today.	Senate passage of the Medicare bill is almost certain Monday.
Five foreign embassies, including the Singapore embassy, in Bangkok were among the targets, it said.	Five foreign embassies in Bangkok, including the Singapore embassy, were among those targeted.
SARS has also taken a toll on Taiwan's economy, as it has on economies across the region, hammering consumer spending and leaving shops, restaurants and airports empty.	SARS has also taken a toll on Taiwan's economy, hammering consumer spending, with shops, restaurants and airports empty while people stay at home.
Minister Saud al-Faisal visit was disclosed Monday by two administration officials who discussed it on condition of not being identified by name.	Minister Saud al-Faisal's visit was disclosed by two administration officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
Parson has been charged on one count of intentionally causing or attempting to cause damage to a computer.	Parson faces one federal count of intentionally causing damage to a protected computer.
There is, however, no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue examined by the Herald yesterday.	There is, however, no photograph of Dr Hollingworth in the June issue of the magazine examined by The Age yesterday.
The bank also said its offer was subject to the agreement of Drax's senior banks, senior bond holders and hedging banks by 30 September 2003.	The offer is also subject to Goldman signing an agreement with Drax's senior banks, senior bond holders and hedging banks by Sept. 30, it said.
Hill, 50, would be the first person executed for killing an abortion doctor.	On Wednesday, Hill is scheduled to become the first person executed for murdering an abortion doctor.
It ended a diplomatic drought between the two nations, at odds for months over North Korea's nuclear program and American demands that it cease.	The contact between the delegations ended a diplomatic drought between the two nations, at odds over the nuclear program and U.S. demands that it cease immediately.
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, the federal agency that runs Medicare, last year began a similar effort for nursing homes.	The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid launched a similar consumer tool for nursing homes last year.
Congress twice before passed similar restrictions only to see President Bill Clinton veto them.	Congress twice passed similar bills, but then-President Clinton vetoed them both times.
"He said they were in distress," said Kingsville Police Chief Sam Granato.	We're asphyxiating,' '' said Sam Granato, chief of the Kingsville police.
Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.	The lawyer for Hollins Jr., Thomas Royce, has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated E2.
But none of them opposed the idea outright, ministers said.	But none of the ministers opposed Mr. Powell's suggestion outright on Thursday, the ministers said.
No one has been killed in the attacks, which have continued despite major setbacks for al Qaeda in a battle with Saudi security forces.	No one has been killed in the recent attacks, which have continued despite serious setbacks for al-Qaeda following battles with Saudi security forces.
The company also earned 14 cents a share a year earlier.	A year ago, the company posted a profit of 12 cents a share.
That ought to be the standard — not how many people sign up," he said.	"That ought to be the standard, not how many people actually signed up," Mr. Rule told the judge.
The chief merchandising officer decides what the store is going to sell, giving it a signature to attract shoppers and hopefully lure them back.	The chief merchandising officer decides what the store is going to sell, giving it that signature that draws in shoppers and brings them back again and again.
"For customers to get the most of the Internet, several factors are crucial," Pierre Danon, CEO of BT's retail unit.	"For customers to get the most out of the internet, several factors are crucial," Mr Danon said.
He has also directed "The Flintstones," "Beethoven," and "Jingle All The Way."	Levant's other credits include "The Flintstones," "Jingle All the Way" and "Beethoven."
As he left court, McCartney cast one long angry glare at Amrozi, who almost hid behind his lawyer to the side.	As he left the court, McCartney cast a long, angry glare at Amrozi, who tried to hide behind his lawyer.
"We are starting the epidemic with more cases and more areas affected than last year.	"It indicates we are starting the epidemic with more cases than last year," Gerberding said.
The $19.50-a-share bid, comes two days after PeopleSoft revised its bid for smaller rival J.D. Edwards & Co. JDEC.O to include cash as well as stock.	Oracle's $19.50-a-share bid comes two days after PeopleSoft added cash to its original all-share deal with smaller rival J.D. Edwards & Co. JDEC.O .
CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage."	"[They] were defined by dedication and courage," said the CIA's director George Tenet.
The FTC also asked the judge to suspend his ruling pending its appeal.	The FTC asked the court Wednesday to block the ruling and filed for an appeal.
Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform.	The EU's agriculture representative in Washington said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is wrapping up talks on agricultural reform.
The Democratic candidates also began announcing their fund-raising totals before Wednesday's deadline to file quarterly reports with the Federal Election Commission.	The Democratic candidates also began announcing their fund-raising totals in advance of the deadline today to file quarterly reports with the Federal Election Commission.
Even the pizza man took part, delivering a flier with the missing girl's picture along with the pizza and a two-liter bottle of Pepsi to Cruz's house.	Even the pizza delivery took part, unwittingly delivering a leaflet with the missing girl's picture during his run to Cruz's house.
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March.	The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7, bouncing back from a one-month contraction in March at 47.9.
It will also boost SuSE's sales reach worldwide and enhance HP's Linux business, they said.	The deal also boosts SuSE's sales reach worldwide and enhances HP's Linux business, they said.
To create the condyle, Dr Mao and colleague Adel Alhadlaq used adult stem cells taken from the bone marrow of rats.	He and a colleague created the articular condyle using stem cells taken from the bone marrow of rats.
Of personal vehicles, 57 percent are cars or station wagons, 21 percent vans or SUVs, 19 percent light trucks.	Of all personal vehicles, 57 percent are cars or station wagons, 21 percent are vans or sport utility vehicles and 19 percent are light trucks.
Network security products maker Secure Computing Inc. said Tuesday it is acquiring content-filtering vendor N2H2 for $20 million, furthering consolidation in an already-competitive market.	Network security products maker Secure Computing said Tuesday it is acquiring content filtering firm N2H2 for $20 million, furthering consolidation in an already competitive market.
Justice John Paul Stevens compared the interrogation of Martinez to "an attempt to obtain an involuntary confession from a prisoner by torturous methods."	Writing for the minority, Justice John Paul Stevens said the interrogation was akin to "an attempt to obtain an involuntary confession from a prisoner by torturous methods."
Illinois State Police accident reconstruction experts were investigating the cause.	State Police were investigating, Vazzi said.
Prosecutors said PW Marketing violated the state's 1998 anti-spam law by sending unsolicited e-mail without a toll-free number for recipients to call to stop additional mailings.	Prosecutors said PW Marketing violated the 1998 anti-spam law because these unsolicited e-mails were sent without a free call number for recipients to phone to stop additional mailings.
They were released to authorities after officers delivered the soda to the gunman, using a long stick to pass the six-pack through a door.	They were released to authorities after officers delivered a six-pack of Dr Pepper to the gunman, using a long stick to pass the soda through a door.
Kerry Kennedy Cuomo and Andrew Cuomo have been married 13 years.	Andrew Cuomo and Kerry Kennedy were married 13 years.
The Senate majority leader, Bill Frist, Republican of Tennessee, said he hoped Congress would finish work on the legislation by the end of September.	The Senate majority leader, Bill Frist, R-Tenn., said he hoped Congress would finish work on the legislation by late September.
It was expected to raise the $90 million McGreevey expected.	The tax is expected to raise $90 million.
O'Donnell wrote in her autobiography, "Find Me," that she was "an abused child."	In her autobiography, "Find Me," O'Donnell wrote, "I was an abused kid.
"The risk of inflation becoming undesirably low remains the predominant concern for the foreseeable future," the Fed said in a statement accompanying the unanimous decision.	"The risk of inflation becoming undesirably low remains the predominant concern for the foreseeable future," the policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee said.
Pressure also came last night from religious circles as three Anglican bishops said it was time for their former colleague to step down.	The pressure on Peter Hollingworth to resign as Governor-General intensified last night as three Anglican bishops said it was time for their former colleague to step down.
The attack on the al-Rashid Hotel, during the visit of Deputy Defence Secretary Paul Wolfowitz underscores the nature of the problem.	The attack on the Rashid Hotel on Sunday, during the visit of the deputy secretary of defense, Paul D. Wolfowitz, underscores the nature of the problem.
"He would often call me for advice," said Ronald L. Kuby, a friend and well-known lawyer who had represented him in the harassment case.	"He would often call me for advice," said lawyer Ron Kuby, a friend who had represented him in court.
The United States wants the measure passed by June 3, when the oil-for-food program needs to be renewed.	The Bush administration wants the measure approved by June 3, when the existing oil-for-food program is up for renewal.
Police spokesman Brig. Gen. Edward Aritonang confirmed Saturday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.	Brigadier General Edward Aritonang, a police spokesman, confirmed yesterday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
Late last year, for example, more than 1800 US soldiers were placed in Djibouti to conduct counter-terrorism operations in the Horn of Africa.	Since late last year, for example, more than 1,800 members of the American military have been placed in Djibouti to conduct counterterrorism operations in the Horn of Africa.
Carlow and his group peddled drugs by forging paperwork showing the shipments' prior owners.	The network peddled drugs by forging paperwork showing prior owners of the shipments.
They were just making sure they dotted all the I's and crossed all the T's," said Schooff.	They were just making sure they dotted all the I's and crossed all the T's," said Blair Schoof, executive director of music for AOL Europe.
The comment period was to have expired on Monday.	A public comment period on the proposed new taxes will end on Monday.
The group criticizing Schwarzenegger, the League of United Latin American Citizens, said the Austrian-born actor's advisory board position brings into question his commitment to Latinos.	The League of United Latin American Citizens, the group criticizing Schwarzenegger, said the Austrian-born actor's advisory board position brings into question his commitment to Hispanics.
He said European governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.	"They have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears," Bush said.
Market sentiment was subdued after International Business Machines Inc. IBM.N said U.S. securities regulators were investigating the accounting of the world's largest computer company.	Market sentiment was also cautious after International Business Machines Inc. IBM.N said that federal securities regulators had begun an investigating into its accounting.
Oh yeah, Miami, Boston College and Syracuse leaving the Big East to take a seat in the Atlantic Coast Conference.	Boston College, Miami and Syracuse are considering leaving the Big East for the Atlantic Coast Conference by the end of the month.
Community college students will see their tuition rise by $300 to $2,800 or 12 percent.	Tuition at the six two-year community colleges will leap by $300, to $2,800.
"No one has anything to fear from being correctly identified but everything to fear from their identity being stolen or misused," Mr Blunkett said.	He added: "No one has anything to fear from being correctly identified, but everything to fear from their identity being stolen or misused."
They suspect the same anarchist group that claimed responsibility for the Dec. 21 explosions near his house, according to Italian news agency ANSA.	Italian police investigating the Prodi bomb suspect an anarchist group that claimed responsibility for Dec. 21 explosions near his house, according to Italian news agency ANSA.
Supporters say a city casino will attract tourists and conventioneers who will gamble and spend money in restaurants and stores.	Supporters say those people will gamble and have enough money left over to spend in restaurants and stores.
Lee said Brianna had dragged food, toys and other things into the bedroom.	Lee, 33, said the girl had dragged the food, toys and other things into her mother's bedroom.
Mosel was unable to present financial statements in time due to mergers among subsidiaries and a change of accountants, the company said on Monday.	Mosel had been unable to present financial statements in time because of mergers among subsidiaries and a change of accountants, the company said yesterday.
A navy official on the scene said divers were scanning the river bed with metal finders before rain drove them to shore.	A navy official said divers scanned the river bed with metal detectors before rain drove them to shore.
"The Matrix Reloaded," which opened in limited previews Wednesday night, took in an estimated $135.8 million for all five days.	Matrix Reloaded opened in limited previews Wednesday night, and its total for all five days was estimated at $135.8 million.
At first blush, then, the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry would seem to draw the line in precisely the right place.	At first blush, then, the creators of the registry would seem to have drawn the line between exempted and banned calls in the right place.
They said no decisions had been made about how many troops would be moved, where they would come from, or where they would end up.	They added that decisions have been made about how many troops will be moved, where they will come from, or where they will end up.
"The bank requires growth from elsewhere in the economy and needs the economy to rebalance," he said in an interview with the Press Association news agency.	The Bank of England "requires growth from elsewhere in the economy and needs the economy to rebalance," he told the Press Association news agency.
Voters in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, were asked to decide whether to allow same-sex couples - and also unmarried heterosexual couples - to officially register as domestic partners.	Voters in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, approved a proposal allowing same-sex couples -- and also unmarried heterosexual couples -- to officially register as domestic partners.
Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N .	Cisco has similar relationships with BellSouth competitors SBC Communications, AT&T and Sprint Communications.
But Ms Ward said the headroom under its financial covenants was "tight" and that there could be another downgrade if Southcorp breached any of its banking covenants.	But Ms Ward said the headroom under its financial covenants was "tight" and that there could be a rating downgrade if Southcorp did breach any banking covenants.
The Cradle of Liberty Council isn't the first one to buck the national group's stance.	Philadelphia's council is not the first to defy the national policy.
It would be cumbersome for restaurants that serve different meals each day, she said.	It would be especially cumbersome for restaurants that change their menus daily, she said.
Today, we preserve essential tools to foster voice competition in the local market.	"We preserve essential tools to foster voice competition," Copps said.
"The discovery that the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohn's sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation," it said in a statement.	The researchers say that the fact the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohns sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation.
A big surge in consumer confidence has provided the only positive economic news in recent weeks.	Only a big surge in consumer confidence has interrupted the bleak economic news.
He added: ``I've never heard of more reprehensiblebehaviour by a doctor.	The Harrisons’ lawyer Paul LiCalsi said: “I’ve never heard of more reprehensible behaviour by a doctor.
The government says the changes are necessary if Israel is to compete successfully in the global marketplace and attract investment.	However, the Israeli government argues that changes in Israel’s state-controlled economy are necessary if the state is to compete in the global marketplace.
The computers were located in the United States, Canada, and South Korea.	The PCs are scattered across the United States, Canada and South Korea.
He was voluntarily castrated in 2001, an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused.	DeVries, who was voluntarily castrated in August 2001, has said the surgery took away his ability to become sexually aroused.
Broomhead was assigned to 2nd Squadron, 3rd Armor Cavalry Regiment, based at Fort Carson.	Broomhead, 34, was assigned to the 2nd Squadron, 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment.
SARS, the deadly respiratory disease first detected in China last November, gave the agency its first real test of a new state-of-the-art emergency operations center.	And SARS, the deadly respiratory disease first detected in China last November, tested the agency's new state-of-the-art emergency operations center.
This morning, at UM's New York office, Coen revised his expectations downward, saying that spending would instead rise 4.6 percent to $247 billion.	Speaking to reporters at a New York news conference, Universal McCann's Coen projected that total U.S. ad spending will rise 4.6 percent to $247.7 billion this year.
Cross-dressing teens from Harvey Milk High School offered sex for money in Greenwich Village and then robbed the would-be johns by pretending to be cops, sources said last night.	Four Harvey Milk High School students who dressed as women were arrested yesterday for robbing men in the West Village - and pretending to be police officers, sources said.
Massachusetts does not have a state death penalty, and only once before - in Michigan - has the federal death penalty been given in a state without capital punishment.	Massachusetts has no state death penalty, and only once before -- in Michigan -- has the federal death penalty been given in a state without capital punishment.
In Toronto, police said they arrested 38 people and reported 114 incidents, mostly for looting and other thefts.	Toronto police made 38 arrests linked to the blackout and reported 114 incidents, mostly for looting and other thefts, said Constable Mike Hayles.
Other staff members, however, defended the document, saying it would still help policy-makers and the agency improve efforts to address the climate issue.	Some E.P.A. staff members defended the document, saying that although pared down it would still help policy makers and the agency address the climate issue.
Tom Kasmer, a 14-year-old from Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during yesterday's competition.	The 14-year-old national spelling finalist who attends school in Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during competition Wednesday.
China would become only the third nation to put a human in space.	China would become the third nation to achieve manned spaceflight.
ImClone Systems Inc. and Genentech Inc. led shares of U.S. biotechnology companies higher after medicines they are developing helped cancer patients in studies.	ImClone Systems and Genentech led shares of biotechnology companies higher yesterday after studies showed the medicines they are developing helped cancer patients.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 27.13 points, or 1.64 percent, at 1,626.49, based on the latest data.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> declined 25.78 points, or 1.56 percent, to 1,627.84.
Privately-held GeCAD Software, founded in 1992, has supplied antivirus and security products since 1994 under the name RAV AntiVirus.	GeCAD, founded in 1992 and based in Bucharest, provides anti-virus, anti-spam and content-filtering products under the name RAV AntiVirus.
Kelly Boggs' column will appear daily during the June 17-18 Southern Baptist Convention annual meeting in Phoenix.	Kelly Boggs, Baptist Press' weekly columnist, will be writing a column each day during the Southern Baptist Convention's annual meeting this week in Phoenix.
This is the only planet that has been found in orbit around a binary star system.	The new found planet is the only one known to orbit such a double-star system.
More than 1,000 people staged mostly peaceful protests during the talks, proclaiming that genetically modified foods weren't the answer to the world's food problems.	More than 1,000 people rallied over three days, proclaiming that genetically modified foods weren't the answer to the world's food problems.
Officials said all three would be charged with conspiracy to commit murder.	All three of the teens were charged with offenses including conspiracy to commit murder.
But they are split over whether the Fed will acknowledge risks are tilted toward weakness, or say they are balanced.	Wall Street is debating whether the central bank will say risks are tilted toward weakness or balanced with inflation.
Yehuda Abraham, a 76-year-old jeweler in New York's diamond district, allegedly accepted a $30,000 down payment on behalf of Lakhani for the missiles, the government said.	Yehuda Abraham, a 76-year-old jeweler from New York's diamond district, accepted a $30,000 down payment on behalf of Lakhani for the first missile, investigators said.
The seventh person charged in the case - Habis Abdu al Saoub - remains at large.	The seventh member of the cell, Habis Abdullah al Saoub, 37, a Jordanian, remains at large.
The dollar gained against the euro, yen and Swiss franc after September U.S. retail sales figures came in slightly weaker than consensus forecasts.	The greenback rose steeply against the euro, yen and Swiss franc despite weaker-than-expected September U.S. retail sales figures.
"After what happened here ... it's tacky and unpatriotic," said JoAnn Marquis, visiting the site with her husband from Salem, Mass.	"It's nasty," said JoAnn Marquis, visiting with her husband from Salem, Mass. "After what happened here .
An hour later, an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City, killing two Hamas officials and at least five other people.	An hour later Israeli attack helicopters rained missiles on a car in Gaza City, killing seven people, Palestinian sources said.
The companies also announced plans to collaborate on the design for future generations of memory technologies.	The two groups said they would collaborate on the design of future memory technologies.
A judge ordered the child placed in state custody Aug. 8.	On Aug. 8, Juvenile Court Judge Robert Yeates ordered that Parker be placed in protective custody.
The British ambassador to the United Nations, Sir Jeremy Greenstock, is scheduled to lead a Security Council Mission to the region in mid-May.	Sir Jeremy Greenstock, the UK's ambassador to the UN, is due to lead a week-long Security Council mission to West Africa in mid-May.
An episode is declared when the ozone reaches .20 parts per million parts of air for one hour.	A Stage 1 episode is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 parts per million.
This year, local health departments hired part-time water samplers and purchased testing equipment with a $282,355 grant from the Environmental Protection Agency.	This year, Peninsula health officials got the money to hire part-time water samplers and purchase testing equipment thanks to a $282,355 grant from the Environmental Protection Agency.
Roslyn shares gained 82 cents to close at $20.79 yesterday in Nasdaq trading.	In recent dealings, shares of Roslyn were up 40 cents, or 1.9 percent, to $21.25.
"He may not have been there," the defence official said on Thursday.	"He may not have been there," said a defence official speaking on condition of anonymity.
American has laid off 6,500 of its Missouri employees since Dec. 31, according to Driskill.	Since October 2001, American has laid off 6,149 flight attendants, according to George Price, a union spokesman.
She met Lady Mary at her Double Bay home yesterday to thank her for the donation.	She met Lady Mary for the first time at her Double Bay home in Sydney yesterday to thank her in person for the donation.
The value will total about $124 million, including convertible securities, according to Corel.	Including convertible securities, the total estimated value of the deal is $124 million, according to Corel.
"I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said.	"I am being forced into exile by the world's superpower," Taylor said in an address videotaped at his home.
Goss said CIA Director George Tenet has provided the committee with 19 volumes of documents on prewar intelligence which has been made available to House members.	He also noted that Tenet has provided the committee with 19 volumes of documents on prewar intelligence which has been made available to House members.
The U.N. troops are in Congo to protect U.N. installations and personnel, and they can only fire in self defense and have been unable to stem the violence.	The troops - whose mandate is to protect U.N. installations and personnel - can only fire in self-defense and have been unable to stem the violence.
North American markets grabbed early gains Monday morning, as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators take the spotlight.	North American futures pointed to a strong start to the first trading session of the week Monday, as earnings season slows and economic indicators take the spotlight.
Shares of the Smithfield rose more than 8 percent as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately.	Smithfield shares rose more than 8 per cent yesterday as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately.
Chief Executive Rod Eddington is to meet the three unions separately on Monday afternoon.	Eddington is to meet the other two unions separately later on Monday.
He had said before the meeting that he planned to urge Chinese officials to move quickly to adopt a more flexible currency system.	He has said he plans to urge Chinese officials during the G20 meeting to move more quickly to adopt a more flexible currency system.
With Claritin's decline, Schering-Plough's best-selling products now are two drugs used together to treat hepatitis C, the antiviral pill ribavirin and an interferon medicine called Peg-Intron.	With Claritin's decline, Schering-Plough's best-selling products are now antiviral drug ribavirin and an interferon medicine called Peg-Intron -- two drugs used together to treat hepatitis C.
Shares of Smithfield closed up $1.64, or 8.5 percent, at $20.85, on the New York Stock Exchange.	Shares of Smithfield rose $1.64 yesterday to close at $20.85, a rise of 8.5 per cent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
He planned Monday to formally announce the effort alongside several union presidents.	He plans to announce the effort formally tomorrow in Cincinnati alongside several union presidents.
TSMC also accused Syndia of trying to interfere with its customer relationships.	TSMC feels that Syndia's actions are designed to interfere with TSMC's customer relationships, the company said.
Also at increased risk are those whose immune systems suppressed by medications or by diseases such as cancer, diabetes and AIDS.	Also at increased risk are those with suppressed immune systems due to illness or medicines.
Xerox itself paid a $10 million fine last year to settle similar SEC charges.	Xerox itself previously paid a $10-million penalty to settle the SEC accusations.
Upscale department store chain Nordstrom Inc. (nyse: JWN - news - people) jumped $1.49, or 9.4 percent, to $17.35.	Upscale department store chain Nordstrom Inc. JWN.N jumped $1.49, or 9.4 percent, to $17.35.
"I figure we've destroyed about one-half of Al Qaeda, the top operators of Al Qaeda, and that's good," Mr. Bush said.	"We've destroyed about one half of al Qaeda, the top operators of al Qaeda, and that's good.
Her knees were swollen for days and she still bears scars there and on her legs and ankles.	Grieson said both of her knees were swollen for days and that she still has scars on her legs from the incident.
The new 25-member Governing Council's first move was to scrap holidays honoring Saddam and his party and to create a public holiday marking the day of his downfall.	Its first decisions were to scrap all holidays honoring Saddam and his outlawed Baath Party and to create a new public holiday marking the day of his downfall.
Al Qaeda, the terror network led by Saudi-born Osama bin Laden and blamed for the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, has been linked to both cases.	Al-Qaida, the terror network led by Saudi-born bin Laden and blamed for the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks on the United States, has been linked to both cases.
He praised the work of the Rhodes Trust, saying that it was a Rhodes scholar at Oxford who first interested him in politics.	Blair praised the work of the Rhodes Trust, saying it was an Australian Rhodes Scholar he met while at Oxford who first interested him in politics.
Turki Nasser al-Dandani, another key Saudi operator for Al Qaeda and a second main suspect in the Riyadh bombings remains at large.	Turki Nasser al-Dandani, another suspected Saudi operative for Osama bin Laden's al-Qaida terror network and top suspect in the Riyadh bombings, remains at large.
"What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the Constitution," she said.	The church's lawyer, Shirley Phelps-Roper, was clear: "What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the constitution," she said.
He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and then said, "Thank you so much."	Moments later, he hugged his defense lawyers, softly saying, "Thank you, so much."
The department also sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory.	Water samples are being sent to the state health department for analysis.
Pat Anderson, the attorney representing the parents, Bob and Mary Schindler, declined to comment.	Pat Anderson, the lawyer representing the Schindlers, declined to comment on the filing.
The company has agreed terms on the purchase of the paper division of the Dutch office supplies group Buhrmann, the largest paper distributor in Europe.	The company has reached agreement on the terms for buying the paper division of the Dutch office supplies group Buhrmann, the largest paper distributor in Europe.
But Gelinas says only six have been fully re-evaluated.	Ms. Gelinas said only 1.5 per cent of those have been fully re-evaluated.
Idaho Gem also is the first sterile animal to be cloned.	"He is the first and only cloned sterile hybrid."
It is almost certain to exacerbate the bitter divisions between Washington and Europe that have not abated since the end of the war in Iraq.	It is almost certain to exacerbate the divisions between Washington and Europe that emerged before the war in Iraq.
Resigning along with Brendsel was Vaughn Clarke, the company's executive vice president and chief financial officer.	Chairman and chief executive Leland Brendsel and Vaughn Clarke, the company's executive vice president and chief financial officer, resigned.
The vast majority of trades will be priced at 20 cents per contract or less depending on participation in incentive schemes."	Eurex said "the vast majority" of trades on Eurex US would be priced at 20 cents per contract or less depending on "participation in incentive schemes".
Hewlett-Packard Co. HPQ.N , the No. 2 computer maker, rose 41 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $17.29.	Hewlett-Packard Co. (nyse: HPQ - news - people), the No. 2 computer maker, rose 41 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $17.29.
"Everyone who has a cell phone wishes they had a better one," Huang said.	They have a cell phone and everybody that has a cell phone wishes they had a better one."
Taher, acting against his attorney's advice, became the fifth member of a group of six Yemeni-Americans to enter a plea agreement with the government in the case.	Taher, acting against his attorney's advice, became the fifth member of the six to enter a plea agreement with the government.
"The accusation that I misappropriated money from Jennifer Lopez is both untrue and offensive," Medina said in a statement.	In response, Medina issued the following statement: "The accusation that I misappropriated money from Jennifer Lopez is both untrue and offensive.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> rose 6 points, or 0.41 percent, to 1,498.
They are being held on immigration violations as the incident is investigated.	Both men are being held for investigation of administrative immigration violations.
"Rendezvous has been a TIBCO mark for many years and is one of our flagship products," said George Ahn, chief marketing officer, Tibco.	Tibco's chief marketing officer George Ahn said: "Rendezvous has been a Tibco mark for many years and is one of our flagship products.
Several cities are competing for the headquarters, including Miami; Panama City; Atlanta; Port-of-Spain, Trinidad; and Puebla, Mexico.	But Miami is competing with eight other cities, including Atlanta; Panama City; Port-of-Spain, Trinidad; and Cancn, Mexico.
But the Russell 2000 index, the barometer of smaller company stocks, had a weekly gain of 3.71, or 0.9 percent, closing at 418.40.	But the Russell 2000, the barometer of stocks of smaller companies, had a weekly gain of 3.71, or 0.9 percent, closing at 418.40.
"This deal makes sense for both companies," said National Chief Executive Brian Halla.	"This deal makes sense for both companies," Halla said in a prepared statement.
Janet Racicot heard the thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water, she said in an interview Tuesday.	His wife, Janet, said she heard the thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water.
But as more people were shot, Moose had to admit that he couldn't give the public the safety it needed.	But as time passed and more people were shot, Moose had to admit that he couldn't give the public what it needed most from the police - safety.
"The longer this series goes, the better chance Dirk has to play."	"I think the longer the series goes, the more chance Dirk has to play," Nelson said.
The seal will ultimately be used to identify DHS badges, vehicles, signs, sea vessels and aircraft.	The seal will ultimately be used on department materials, signage, credentials, badges, vehicles, sea vessels and aircraft.
An airplane carrying Spanish peacekeepers back from Afghanistan crashed into a fog-shrouded mountain in Turkey and exploded Monday, killing all 75 people aboard.	A charter plane crashed in Turkey on Monday, killing all 75 people aboard, including 62 Spanish peacekeepers returning from Afghanistan, officials said.
But the subject of oil market debate, Iraq, will not be present, an issue which has rankled Iraqi officials.	Meanwhile, the main subject of oil market debate, Iraq, will not send a delegation, an issue that has rankled Iraqi officials.
Lee told the newspaper that the girl had dragged the food, toys and other things into her mother's bedroom, where he found her.	Lee, 33, said the girl had dragged the food, toys and other things into her mother's bedroom.
"With the target funds rate at 1 percent, substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted," he said.	Furthermore, with the target fed funds rate at 1 percent, "substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted."
It was to fly a plane in the White House."	"It was to fly a plane into the White House," Mr. Karas said.
Spansion products are to be available from both AMD and Fujitsu, AMD said.	Spansion Flash memory solutions are available worldwide from AMD and Fujitsu.
Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp. and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales below Wall Street's modest expectations.
Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people) shot up 38 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq.	Rambus Inc. shot up almost 33 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq.
The tendency to feel rejection as an acute pain may have developed in humans as a defensive mechanism for the species, said Eisenberger.	Feeling rejection as an acute pain may have developed as a defence mechanism for the species, Eisenberger said.
About 1,500 police will be deployed for the visit.	Around 1,500 police are to be deployed at Niigata for the ferry's visit.
A discouraging outlook from General Electric Co. sent its share down 81 cents (U.S.) or 2.7 per cent to $29.32.	A discouraging outlook from GE sent the company's shares down 81 cents (U.S.) or 2.7 per cent to $29.32.
At the very long end, the 30-year bond US30YT=RR slid a full point for a yield of 4.47 percent from 4.41 percent.	At the very long end, the 30-year bond US30YT=RR lost 2/32 for a yield of 4.41 percent.
As part of the changes, Microsoft will also tie stock awards for its top 600 or so executives to the growth and "satisfaction" in its customer base.	Microsoft also said it will tie stock awards for 600 or so executives to the growth and "satisfaction" in its customer base.
In December 1998, a 33-year-old woman died when she was hit by a metal cleat that came loose from the Columbia sailing ship.	In 1998, a 33-year-old man died after he was struck by a metal cleat at the Columbia ship attraction.
Gamarekian told The News she remembers only the woman's first name - and refused to reveal it.	She told the New York Daily News she remembers only the intern's first name, which she refused to reveal.
Peterson was arrested near Torrey Pines Golf Course in La Jolla on April 18, the day DNA testing identified the bodies.	Peterson, 30, was arrested in La Jolla April 18 after the two bodies were identified through DNA tests.
The decomposed remains of 17-year-old Max Guarino of Manhattan were found floating near City Island April 25.	Max Guarino, 17, was found April 25 in the water off City Island.
Scholars in medical ethics have said the issue of medicating patients to improve their mental health to execute them might present formidable obstacles for doctors.	Scholars in medical ethics have said the notion of medicating people to improve their mental health to the point where they may be executed can present formidable obstacles for doctors.
The man, Fazul Abdullah Mohammed, a Comoros islander, is on the U.S. FBI's list of most wanted suspects.	A Comoros islander, he is on the United States' list of most wanted suspects.
Asked about the controversy, Bloomberg said, "I didn't see either one today, but if they're here and wave from the side I'll certainly wave to them.	"I didn't see either one today, but if they're here and wave from the side, I'll certainly wave to them," Bloomberg said.
He said it was a mistake, and he reimbursed the party nearly $2,000.	The governor said the use of the credit card was a mistake, and has since reimbursed the party for the expense.
The Bluetooth SIG made its announcement at the Bluetooth World Congress in Amsterdam this week.	A new version of the Bluetooth specification was officially launched today at the start of the Bluetooth World Congress in Amsterdam.
Respondents who rated current business conditions as "bad" increased to 30.4% from 28.1% in June.	"Those rating present business conditions as 'bad' increased to 30.4 per cent from 28.1 per cent," the report said.
The singer has been on a ventilator since the crash at his Buckinghamshire estate last night, but his condition was described as “stable” and “comfortable”.	The singer has been on a ventilator since the crash at his Buckinghamshire estate on Monday, with his condition last night described as “stable and comfortable”.
One of the FBI’s key operatives, who had a falling out with the bureau, provided an account of the operation at a friend’s closed immigration court proceeding.	One of the FBI's key operatives, who has had a falling-out with the bureau, provided an account of the operation at a friend's closed immigration court proceeding.
He added, "I am not giving any consideration to resignation."	I am not giving any consideration to resignation," Shumaker said in a statement.
At least 61 people were killed and dozens injured across Afghanistan yesterday in the worst outbreak of violence for more than a year.	Sixty-one people were killed and dozens wounded in outbreaks of violence across Afghanistan in the troubled country's bloodiest 24 hours in more than a year, officials said Wednesday.
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.	The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December."
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes a salary of $65,000 in his 30th year.	A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley, in his 30th year teaching, makes $65,000.
Emergency crews said some of the passengers were thrown partly out of the open side of the bus.	Emergency crews said no passenger was ejected, but some were thrown partly out of the open side of the bus.
"I feel that people that are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use their computers," said McKechnie.	The people who are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use your computer," McKechnie said.
Page said it's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.	He added that genes on the Y might play a role in influencing gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
Overture's listings are generated by more than 100,000 advertisers who bid for placement on keywords relevant to their business.	Overture generates its search listings from more than 100,000 advertisers who bid for placement on keywords relevant to their business.
The company said that with proper funding, ABthrax could be available for emergency use as early as the end of 2004.	Human Genome said ABthrax could be available for emergency use as early as the end of 2004.
A really robust program could be had for about 20 cents a day," Griffin said.	"A really robust space program could be had for a mere 20 cents a day from each person," he said.
"We don't know at this point if the current investigation includes one or more outside contractors.	"We do not know if the current investigation involves one or more multiple contractors," she said.
July Brent rose 31 cents to $28.39 per barrel on London's International Petroleum Exchange.	Brent crude for July delivery fell 38 cents to $27.45 a barrel on London's International Petroleum Exchange.
A man arrested for allegedly threatening to shoot and kill a city councilman from Queens was ordered held on $100,000 bail during an early morning court appearance Saturday.	The Queens man arrested for allegedly threatening to shoot City Councilman Hiram Monserrate was held on $100,000 bail Saturday, a spokesman for the Queens district attorney said.
Also helping Tokyo stocks were hopes the government would next week adopt some of the market boosting proposals discussed on Thursday at a meeting of its top economic advisory panel.	Stocks rebounded on Friday on hopes the government would next week adopt some of the market boosting proposals discussed on Thursday at a meeting of the top economic advisory panel.
"It was brazen intimidation to keep people on the reservation," said a Republican who attended but did not want to be named.	"It was a brazen attempt at intimidation," said a Republican legislator who attended the meeting.
They were being held Sunday in the Camden County Jail on $100,000 bail.	They remained in Camden County Jail on Sunday on $100,000 bail.
Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod.	Axelrod died of heart failure while asleep at his Los Angeles home, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod.
But it said that the Danish ban had been effective in reducing the spread among food animals.	But, in a 58-page report, WHO said the Danish ban had been effective in reducing the spread among food animals.
Montgomery was one of the first places to enact such a law, but many places, including New York City, now ban smoking in bars.	While Montgomery was one of the first to enact such a law, it's now relatively common - even New York City bans smoking in bars.
"30 years waiting for you," read one banner hoisted over the crowd, as many wept tears of happiness at finally seeing and hearing their idol.	"30 years waiting for you," read one banner hoisted over the crowd, as many concert-goers wept tears of happiness.
He also noted Tom Siebel had turned in 26 million stock options valued at more than $50-million (U.S.) earlier this year.	He also said that Tom Siebel had turned in 26 million stock options with a value of $54 million to $56 million earlier this year.
ATA shares were down $1.85 at $8.07 on the Nasdaq Stock Market in Tuesday afternoon trading.	ATA shares closed down $1.66, or 16.7 percent, at $8.26 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
But the new vaccine will not even begin to be tested in people until 2005 and will not be approved for use for several years after that.	However, the new vaccine won't begin to be tested in people until 2005 and won't be approved for use for several years after that.
But authorities have been unable to stop the tragedies, which they blame on overcrowding, poor vessel construction and lax enforcement of safety rules.	But authorities have been unable to stop the tragedies, which they blame on overcrowding, rickety vessels and lax safety standards.
Ms Stewart, the chief executive, was not expected to attend.	Ms Stewart, 61, its chief executive officer and chairwoman, did not attend.
Grass' plea will leave Rite Aid's former vice chairman and chief counsel, Franklin C. Brown, to stand trial alone in federal court starting Monday.	If accepted by the judge, Grass' plea will leave Rite Aid's former vice chairman and chief counsel, Franklin C. Brown, to stand trial alone next month.
However, George Heath, a Fort Campbell spokesman, said shortly after the attack that Akbar had "an attitude problem".	However, a Fort Campbell spokesman, said that Akbar had "an attitude problem."
"Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands," Mr. Heyer said.	In a statement, Heyer said, "Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands.
The new WPAN standard uses the 2.4-GHz unlicensed frequency band and specifies raw data rates of 11M, 22M, 33M, 44M and 55Mbit/sec.	The new WPAN standard uses the 2.4 GHz unlicensed frequency band and specifies raw data rates of 11, 22, 33, 44 and 55Mbit/s.
"We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment.	"We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight," Daschle of South Dakota wrote the Republican president.
With a wry smile, Mr. Bush replied, "You're looking pretty young these days."	Bush shot back: "You're looking pretty young these days."
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged down 28.08 points, or 0.3 percent, at 9,256.49.	The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 18.06, or 0.2 per cent, at 9266.51.
And now it's anything he wants to say," Alesha Badgley, Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director, said this week.	And now it's anything he wants to say," confirmed Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director Alesha Badgley.
Bond also voiced his disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended this conference in Florida or last year's in Texas.	Bond voiced disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.
British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.	GlaxoSmithKline, the UK drugmaker, has said it would cut off supplies to Canadian stores shipping drugs to the US.
The Justice Department Aug. 19 gave pre-clearance for the Oct. 7 date for the election to recall Gov. Gray Davis, saying it would not affect minority voting rights.	The Justice Department on Aug. 19 sanctioned the Oct. 7 date for recall election, saying it would not affect voting rights.
Those in their twenties who ejaculated more than five times a week were one-third less likely to develop aggressive prostate cancer later in life, they say.	Those who ejaculated more than five times a week were a third less likely to develop serious prostate cancer in later life.
We need to challenge old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual," he wrote.	"We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual."
The plea makes Grass the second high-ranking Rite Aid executive to strike a deal with federal prosecutors in the past two weeks.	Grass is the second of the Rite Aid defendants to strike a deal with federal prosecutors this month.
Class-action suits expand exponentially the number of plaintiffs and damages in a lawsuit by allowing initial plaintiffs to plea on behalf of a far larger group with common interest.	Class-action suits expand sharply the number of plaintiffs and damages in a suit by allowing initial plaintiffs to sue on behalf of a larger group with common interests.
Powers said almost all supercomputer users would rather pay companies like IBM to do all that than try to build their own.	Powers said almost all supercomputer users would rather pay the $100,000 to $10 million for a supercomputer than try to build their own.
One of the Oregon species was acclimated to a temperature of 65, but survived until the aquarium temperature reached 87.	One of the Oregon species was acclimated to a temperature of 65 (18.33 Celsius), but survived until the aquarium temperature reached 87 (30.56 Celsius).
The value of the deal has increased since BP first announced it in February.	The value of BP's investment has risen since the deal was announced in February.
Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3.	Mr. Chapman, who hasn't been arrested, is expected to appear for arraignment next Thursday, prosecutors said.
Tech stocks were hurt by a sour forecast from Sun Microsystems, which was viewed as a bad omen for the upcoming quarterly earnings season.	A sour forecast from Sun Microsystems Inc. SUNW.O put more pressure on Wall Street before the quarterly earnings season.
Culturecom is confident it will make a significant impact on market share with this new development," Frank Cheung, chairman of Culturecom, said in a statement.	He added: "Culturecom is confident it will make a significant impact on market share with this new development."
The move to rein in losses at its four boutique outlets comes as the retailer seeks to cap the cost of doing business.	The move to rein in the losses of the four upmarket food outlets comes as the retailer seeks to cap the cost of doing business.
Defence lawyers sought to have those charges thrown out, claiming the Bali court had no jurisdiction over those crimes.	Defence lawyers sought to have those charges thrown out, claiming the Bali court hearing Mr Samudra's case did not have jurisdiction over those crimes.
Many compensation experts had predicted Carty would get a generous severance deal because his voluntary resignation helped keep the concessions deals in place.	Many compensation experts had predicted that Carty would get a generous severance package because his voluntary resignation helped preserve the concessions, the Fort Worth Star-Telegram reported.
He faces 25 years in prison when he is sentenced in federal court July 7.	He faces an additional 25 years in prison on the federal charges when he is sentenced July 7.
Also in Mosul, rebel gunmen on Friday assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.	Near a mosque in the northern town of Mosul, rebel gunmen also assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.
Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville.	Manuel and his group entered the US the same way thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between Matamoros and Brownsville.
Goldman is trying to sell the shares to institutional investors at $US13.15 each, said the traders, who received calls from the securities firm's sales force.	Goldman offered the shares for sale to institutional investors at $13.15 each, said the traders, who received calls from the securities firm's sales force.
Daughter Renee Jackson said she often made "huge pots of, like, beans and rice with, like, meat and casseroles" for the whole family.	Their biological daughter Renee Jackson, 29, said she made huge pots of beans and rice, and meat and casseroles.
Dotson, 21, was arrested and charged on July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him.	Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.
Shellfire could be heard in the background as Ghafar spoke by satellite telephone.	As he spoke by satellite phone, shellfire could be heard in the background.
"As expected, second-quarter sales were weak driven by the combination of declining retail inventories and market-share losses," said Robert A. Eckert, chief executive.	"As expected, second-quarter sales were weak driven by the combination of declining retail inventories and market-share losses," Chief Executive Robert Eckert said in a statement.
He added International Business Machines Corp.'s (IBM) endorsement of Linux has "added credibility and an illusion of support and accountability."	Complicating the situation, he continued, are companies, like IBM, whose support of Linux "has added credibility and an illusion of support and accountability."
His dissent was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas.	Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas dissented.
The Iranian refugee who sewed up his eyes, lips and ears in protest at the handling of his asylum claim has won his fight to remain in Britain.	An Iranian Kurd who stitched up his eyes, lips and ears in protest at being refused asylum has been granted refugee status.
Justice Anthony Kennedy dissented in an opinion joined by Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.	He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.
About 130,000 U.S. troops remain in Iraq, with others deployed in Afghanistan, South Korea and elsewhere.	About 130,000 US soldiers remain in Iraq, with others serving in Afghanistan, South Korea, Japan, Germany and elsewhere.
The stretch of Danube river passing through the Balkans dropped so low that wrecks of World War II boats became visible.	Rivers were also drying up - a stretch of Danube passing through the Balkans dropped so low that wrecks of World War II boats became visible.
Police arrested a "potential suspect" Monday in the case of a nine-year-old girl who turned up safe two days after being violently abducted from her home.	Police arrested a "potential suspect" Monday in the abduction of a 9-year-old who was found safe after two days, the police chief said.
Rep. Dennis Kucinich of Ohio is expected to raise more than $1 million.	Ohio Rep. Dennis Kucinich passed $1 million last week and was still counting money.
But a state judge has ruled that the so-called "double jeopardy" protections do not apply in the case.	A judge already has ruled that double-jeopardy protections don't apply in the case.
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges drew the speech to an early close.	After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges cut his speech short.
At least 27 US troops have been killed in hostile fire since Bush's statement.	At least 26 American troops have been killed in hostile fire since major combat was officially declared over on May 1.
The worst-affected area was South Kyongsang province where at least 15 people drowned and roads were swept away.	The worst affected area was South Kyeongsang province where at least 15 people drowned and roads were swept away in mud sides.
She said the president's eyes filled with tears when she told him he would have to confess to their teenage daughter as well.	Mrs Clinton writes her husband's eyes filled with tears when she told him he would have to confess to Chelsea as well.
The Legislature returns today for a special session and they're expected to pass a compromise bill aimed at lowering doctors' medical malpractice insurance rates.	Florida legislators return today for a special session in which they're expected to pass a compromise bill aimed at lowering doctors' medical malpractice insurance rates.
A recent poll showed Edwards with a narrow lead in South Carolina, and he plans a rally there later on Tuesday.	A recent poll showed Edwards in a virtual four-way tie at the top in South Carolina, and he plans a rally there later on Tuesday.
Mr Berlusconi is accused of bribing judges to influence the sale of the state-controlled SME food company in 1985.	Mr Berlusconi is accused of bribing judges to influence a takeover battle in the 1980s involving SME, a state-owned food company.
The stock closed Friday at $5.91, down $1.24, or 17 percent, on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Shares of Brocade closed at $5.91, down $1.24, or 17.3 percent.
"SCO has not shown us any evidence that we've violated our agreements in any way," IBM spokesperson Trink Guarino told internetnews.com.	"SCO has not shown us any evidence that we violated our agreements," spokeswoman Trink Guarino said.
In March, Rowland's former deputy chief of staff pleaded guilty to accepting gold and cash in return for steering state contracts.	Lawrence E. Alibozek, his former deputy chief of staff, pleaded guilty to accepting cash and gold coins in exchange for influencing state contracts.
"It''s absurd," Funny Cide's trainer Barclay Tagg said.	Meanwhile, Funny Cide's trainer, Barclay Tagg, called the allegations "ridiculous."
"United is continuing to deliver major cost reductions and is now coupling that effort with significant unit revenue improvement," chief financial officer Jake Brace said in a statement.	"United is continuing to deliver major cost reductions and is now coupling that effort with significant unit revenue improvement," he said.
Minister Saud al-Faisal's visit was disclosed Monday by two administration officials who discussed it on condition of not being identified by name.	Minister Saud al-Faisal's visit was disclosed by two administration officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
SAN Architect and AutoAdvice can be used by themselves or as extensions to the ControlCenter family of storage management applications.	SAN Architect and AutoAdvice can be used as stand-alone applications or as an extension to EMC's ControlCenter applications.
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged.	Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped by employees; others took pictures of security-sensitive areas without anyone challenging them.
When Biggs's body was found, authorities had no leads until four months later, when a tipster said Mallard talked about the incident at a party.	Authorities had no leads in Biggs' death until four months later, when a tipster said Mallard talked about the incident at a party.
Mr. Stevens has also told his officers that information from British intelligence indicates there are more al Qaeda agents in Britain than previously thought.	Sir John has also told his officers that information from British intelligence indicates there are more al-Qa'eda agents in Britain than previously thought.
He said some issues _ such as division break-up _ really can only be resolved if and when the conference is expanded.	He said some issues - including division alignments - will be resolved if the conference expands.
But in the first 30 seconds after Young entered the ring, the family knew it was an uneven match, Meyers said.	But in the first 30 seconds of the bout, family members knew it was an uneven match, Jodie Meyers, Stacy Young's sister, said.
"This blackout was largely preventable," said Spencer Abraham, US energy secretary.	"This blackout was largely preventable," Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said at a press conference this afternoon.
November 17's last victim was British defence attache Stephen Saunders, who was shot on an Athens road in June 2000.	November 17's last victim was British defense attache Stephen Saunders, who was shot and killed at point-blank range on a busy Athens road in June 2000.
Nearly all of Ford's second-quarter profit came from Ford Credit, which earned a net $401 million, up 21.5 percent.	Nearly all of Ford's second-quarter profit came from its Ford Credit finance arm, which earned $401 million, up 21.5 percent from a year earlier.
The suit is to be filed against Secretary of State Kevin Shelley and election officials in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.	The lawsuit names Shelley, a Democrat, and registrars in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
But while Microsoft's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the EU's investigation started five years ago, the firm has denied anti-competitive practices are to blame.	Microsoft's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the probe started five years ago, but the firm denied anti-competitive practices were the reason for this.
No country seems likely to oppose proposals for a long-term European Council president, replacing the current rotating presidency, as well as an EU foreign minister.	No country now opposes plans for a long-term European Council president, replacing the current rotating presidency, as well as an EU foreign minister.
Early voting will run weekdays from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. through Sept. 9.	Early voting polls will be open from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. Sept. 8 and Sept. 9.
Third-quarter revenue declined to $36.9 billion from $39.3 billion, primarily reflecting lower vehicle sales.	Revenue fell to $36.9bn from $39.3bn a year ago, mainly due to lower vehicle sales.
Gartner analysts said that businesses are not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs.	What's more, companies are not feeling confident enough to replace older PCs, the analyst firm said.
Shirley Hazzard and Edward P. Jones, both of whom needed more than a decade to complete their current novels, are among this year's nominees.	Shirley Hazzard and Edward P. Jones, both of whom needed more than a decade to complete their current novels, were also among the fiction finalists announced Wednesday.
His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned June 25 in a Virginia Beach, Va., parking lot.	His sport utility vehicle was found June 25, abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach, Va.
A second bomb, evidently carried by the other woman, did not explode; the authorities detonated the explosives later.	A second bomb, evidently carried by the other woman, did not explode; the authorities found explosives and detonated them afterward.
AN artist has infuriated New Yorkers by painting a sign reading "CAUTION Low Flying Planes" on a building near Ground Zero.	An artist painted a sign reading ``CAUTION Low Flying Planes'' on a building near ground zero, angering neighbors and stirring complaints.
"During the investigation, Bryant was cooperative with investigators and remains cooperative with authorities," the sheriff's office said.	Bryant was "interviewed and was cooperative," said Kim Andree, a spokeswoman for the sheriff's office.
Adrian Lamo, 22, had told reporters he planned to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento Friday, but he then had second thoughts.	Lamo had told reporters he would surrender to the FBI on the federal courthouse steps in Sacramento on Friday, but he didn't show up.
Zulifquar Ali, a worshipper slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the assailants first targeted the mosque's security guards.	Witness Zulfiqar Ali, who was slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the attackers had focused on the mosque's guards.
For the second year in a row, rises in hospital costs accounted for much of the inflation, accounting for 51 percent of the overall cost increase.	For the second year in a row, rises in hospital costs dominated the increase, accounting for 51 percent of the overall cost spiral.
"While many good people work in the telemarketing industry," Bush said in prepared remarks, "the public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions.	While he said "many good people work in the telemarketing industry, the public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions.
General Jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at Yarralumla.	Maj-Gen Jeffery said he would give his military pension to charity while he served at Yarralumla.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC climbed 40.09 points, or 2.46 percent, to 1,666.58, based on the latest data, and marking its highest close since May 23, 2002.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> was up 40.09 points, or 2.46 percent, at 1,666.58, marking its highest close since May 23, 2002.
Quattrone's action, prosecutors argue, amounted to criminal obstruction of justice.	Quattrone, 47, is charged with obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
SEA 05D is the Naval Sea Systems Command’s technical authority for surface ship design and engineering.	The Future Concepts and Surface Ship Design Group is the Naval Sea Systems Command’s technical authority for all surface ship design and engineering.
About $250,000 worth of her jewelry was discovered last week at Kennedy International Airport, where it had up and disappeared before a flight to the BET Awards.	An estimated $250,000 worth of jewelry belonging to the hip-hop performer was recovered Friday at Kennedy Airport, where it had disappeared June 20.
The airline also said it has the option to buy 380 more airplanes, orders that would be split evenly between the two manufacturers.	The airline has the option to buy 380 more, split evenly between the two manufacturers.
The diocese reached a settlement in 2001 involving five priests and 26 plaintiffs for an undisclosed sum.	In 2001, the diocese reached a $15 million settlement involving five priests and 26 plaintiffs.
The U.S. government and private technology experts warned Wednesday that hackers plan to attack thousands of Web sites Sunday in a loosely co-ordinated "contest" that could disrupt Internet traffic.	THE US government and private technology experts have warned that hackers plan to attack thousands of websites on Sunday in a loosely co-ordinated "contest" that could disrupt Internet traffic.
But Mr Kenny said his advice to Mr Hicks - if they are ever allowed to meet or speak - may well be that he accept a deal.	But Mr Kenny said his advice to David Hicks, should they be allowed to meet, might be that he accept a deal.
Mr Kenny and the Hicks family's American lawyer, Michael Ratner, are trying to get access to Mr Hicks before he faces a planned military tribunal.	Mr Kenny and the family's American lawyer, Michael Ratner, want access to Hicks before he faces a military tribunal.
The two forms account for about 30 percent of the approximately 7 million immigration benefits applications received annually, immigration officials said.	The two forms constitute 30 percent of the 7 million applications filed to the bureau each year.
Wyles previous feature credits include White Oleander, Enough and Donnie Darko.	Wyle's feature credits also include "White Oleander," "Enough" and "Donnie Darko."
Treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.	The Treasury said wants to give retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability eventually to manage holdings online in a single account.
White House officials say Iran has one last chance to comply with IAEA inspection demands.	A White House spokesman added that Iran had "one last chance" to comply with its disarmament obligations.
After he was led into the execution chamber and strapped to a gurney, Swisher raised his head and appeared to smile as his spiritual adviser spoke to him.	After he was led into the execution chamber and strapped to a gurney, Swisher raised his head and appeared to smile as the prison chaplain spoke in his ear.
Parrado remained on a Coast Guard cutter Wednesday as immigration officials attempt to determine his status, the Coast Guard said.	Parrado remained on a Coast Guard cutter Wednesday as officials determined his status and immediate future, the Coast Guard said.
A month ago, the Commerce Department said GDP grew at a 7.2 percent rate.	A month ago, the Commerce Department estimated that GDP had a grown at a 7.2 percent rate in the third quarter.
Roxio, which is based in Santa Clara, Calif., would get access to the music libraries of the major labels and the Pressplay distribution system.	Roxio, would get access to more than 300,000 tracks from the music libraries of the major labels, and the Pressplay distribution system.
Five alternate jurors were also chosen, with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel.	Five alternate jurors also were selected, with a sixth alternate to be picked on Friday.
In interviews with engineers, most of whom have not spoken publicly until now, the lines of discord between NASA's engineers and managers are evident.	In interviews with numerous engineers, most of whom have not spoken publicly until now, the lines of discord between NASA's engineers and managers stand out in stark relief.
A suburban Chicago man was arrested Wednesday on charges of secretly gathering information on Iraqi opposition figures as an unregistered agent of Saddam Hussein's intelligence service.	The FBI arrested a suburban Chicago man Wednesday and charged him with secretly collecting information on individuals in the United States who opposed Saddam Hussein's Iraqi government.
Another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker, Sandra Tapias.	A Spanish tanker, Sandra Tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, in the afternoon.
"The board did so and accepted that resignation," said McCall, who chaired the meeting.	"The board did so, and accepted that resignation," said the chairman of the exchange's compensation committee, H. Carl McCall.
"He died doing something he loved," William Dusenbery, Sr., who lives in Fairview Heights, just outside St. Louis, Mo.	"He died doing something he loved, which was flying his helicopters," said the father, who lives in Fairview Heights, just outside St. Louis, Mo.
The answer is clearly yes," said Dr. Larry Norton, deputy physician-in- chief for breast cancer programs at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center.	The answer is clearly yes," said Dr. Larry Norton, deputy physician-in-chief for breast-cancer programs at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York City.
Quattrone, 47, was highly influential at Credit Suisse First Boston during the tech bubble.	Quattrone, 47, was highly influential working in the Palo Alto office of Credit Suisse First Boston during the tech bubble.
Dr Mark McClean, Jonathan's family doctor, said if the drug had been administered earlier Jonathan would have retained more of his brain functions.	Dr Mark McClean, the family's GP, said had the drug been administered to Jonathan earlier, he would have retained more of his brain function.
This change in attitude gave upscale purveyors including Neiman Marcus, the parent of Bergdorf Goodman; and Nordstrom strong sales gains in May.	This change in attitude gave upscale purveyors including Neiman Marcus Group Inc. and Nordstrom Inc., along with some boutique retailers, strong sales gains in May.
President Vlad imir Putin threw his weight behind Russia’s main pro-Kremlin political party for the first time last week, ahead of parliamentary elections.	President Vladimir Putin threw his weight for the first time on Saturday behind Russia's main pro-Kremlin political party ahead of parliamentary elections.
Officials in Malawi said the five suspects had been on the CIA's "watch list" since the twin 1998 truck bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.	Officials in Malawi said the men were on the CIA's ''watch list'' since the twin 1998 bombings at the US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.
Passengers would be given a refund and voucher for another trip, she said.	Passengers on that cruise are to be given a refund and voucher for another trip.
No Americans were reported among the casualties, according to Capt. Michael Calvert, a spokesman for the regiment.	None of the casualties was Americans, said Capt. Michael Calvert, regiment spokesman.
Suspected rebels also blew up an oil pipeline in north-east Colombia.	Also Sunday, suspected rebels dynamited an oil pipeline in northeast Colombia.
The capsule landed on its side and drifted about 12 metres, probably dragged by the main parachute.	The capsule ended up on its side and appeared to have been dragged about 40ft by the main parachute after landing.
Frank Partnoy, a securities law professor at the University of San Diego, said the case suggested that Merrill's oversight and control of its executives were inadequate.	Frank Partnoy, a securities-law professor at the University of San Diego School of Law, said the case suggests Merrill Lynch's oversight and control of its executives was inadequate.
Federal regulators have turned from sour to sweet on a proposed $2.8 billion merger of ice cream giants Nestle Holdings Inc. and Dreyer's Grand Ice Cream Inc.	Federal regulators have changed their minds on a proposed $2.8 billion merger of ice cream giants Nestle Holdings and Dreyer's Grand Ice Cream.
While robbery appeared to be the motive, the suspects drove off before taking anything.	While robbery appeared to be the motive, the suspects fled before they could take anything, he said.
Environmental campaigners are using this weekend’s lunar eclipse to highlight the huge increase in light pollution across the UK.	Environmental campaigners used the eclipse to highlight the surge in light pollution across Britain.
Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was "very methodical."	GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.
A tradition of Labor Day racing was established long ago in the Inland Empire.	There is a tradition of Labor Day racing in the Inland Valley.
"We have an incredible amount of work to do, but it's not in [designing new] instruction set architectures.	"We've got an incredible amount of work to do, but it ain't in the instruction set," he said.
Defense attorneys said Durst accidentally shot Black in the face as they struggled for a gun after the elderly man illegally entered his apartment.	Durst's attorneys contend their client accidentally shot Black in the face as they struggled for a gun after Black illegally entered his apartment.
Fanned by the hot, dry Santa Ana winds and minimal humidity, major fires were raging in at least 10 places, having already burned nearly 80 937 hectares.	Those hot, dry Santa Ana winds and minimal humidity created optimal conditions for raging fires in at least 10 places that have already burned nearly 200,000 acres.
The condition is associated with heart disease, chronic kidney disease, blindness, and amputations.	Those with diabetes run the risk of severe complications, including heart disease, chronic kidney disease, blindness and amputations.
"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilization," Powell said.	"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilization," Mr. Powell told his colleagues in a speech today.
Since March 11, when the market's major indexes were at their lowest levels since hitting multi-year lows in October, the Nasdaq has barreled back 21.2 percent.	Since March 11, when the market's major indices were at their lowest levels since hitting multi-year lows in October, the tech-laden Nasdaq has climbed nearly 20 per cent.
In September, a 27-year-old Singapore researcher contracted SARS while working in a laboratory.	In a case in August, a 27-year-old laboratory worker in Singapore developed SARS.
He characterized the hostile bid as "atrociously bad behavior from a company with a history of atrociously bad behavior."	Conway called the move "atrociously bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrociously bad behaviour."
In March 2002, 63 percent of home broadband users connected via cable modem; 34 percent used a DSL service.	In the earlier survey, 63 percent of home broadband users had cable modems, compared with 34 percent who connected with DSL technology.
Justice Minister Martin Cauchon and Prime Minister Jean Chrétien have both said the Liberal government will introduce legislation soon to decriminalize possession of small amounts of pot for personal use.	Justice Minister Martin Cauchon and Prime Minister Jean Chretien both have said the government will introduce legislation to decriminalize possession of small amounts of pot.
Eustachy acknowledged at a news conference Wednesday that he was an alcoholic and was seeking treatment.	Eustachy disclosed this week that he is an alcoholic and is seeking treatment.
Seven of the nine Democratic presidential candidates were also scheduled to address the forum.	Seven of nine Democratic candidates for president also said they would participate in the conference Monday.
Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued.	Professor Moffitt said the results needed to be replicated before pursuing testing of individuals for the presence of the long or short versions of the gene.
If convicted, Ciobanu could face up to 15 years in prison based on new laws in Romania designed to prosecute cybercrime, Softwin said.	Ciobanu could face up to 15 years in prison under a new law in Romania, according to BitDefender's Web site.
At the Pentagon, the Department of Defense's Inspector General has separately been asked to investigate how the telecom licences were awarded.	But a source close to the Pentagon said the Defense Department's own inspector-general had been asked to investigate how the licences were awarded.
Police believe someone strangled her and she may have been sexually assaulted.	Park appeared to have been strangled and may have been sexually assaulted, Homicide Capt. Charles Bloom said.
On Monday, it also announced the resignation of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Phil Condit.	The move came just hours after the company's Chief Executive Officer Phil Condit resigned.
The hot technologies -- networking, storage and wireless products -- will be front and center this week.	Storage, networking and wireless products will be prevalent at the show.
PG&E Corp. shares were up 39 cents or 2.6 percent at $15.59 on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday.	PG&E's shares gained 24 cents to $15.44 during Tuesday's trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
Kelly killed himself after being exposed as the source for a BBC report which claimed the government had embellished evidence of Iraq's banned weapons to justify the war.	He killed himself after being exposed as the source for a BBC report which claimed the government exaggerated the case for war against Iraq.
But when no justice announced a retirement when the court's term ended in June, it was seen as making those efforts moot.	But when neither Justice O'Connor nor any other justice announced a retirement when the court's term ended in June, it was widely seen as making those campaigns moot.
Neither military action nor large-scale bribery can solve the North Korean problem, Wolfowitz said.	Indeed, Wolfowitz admitted Saturday that neither military action nor "large scale bribery" would solve the issue.
In a statement later, he said it appeared his side had fallen a bit short.	Zilkha conceded in a statement issued Tuesday that his group may have fallen "a bit short."
Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania.	Ernest Bucklew was headed home for his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania.
Shares of Bristol-Myers rose to $28 in electronic trading from the $26.90 close on the New York Stock Exchange.	Bristol shares rose $1.30, or 5 percent, to $28.20, after closing at $26.90 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Since June of last year the Red Cross has spent $114 million on disasters, but taken in only $40 million in donations.	Between July 1, 2002 and June 30, 2003, the Red Cross spent $114 million on disaster relief, while taking in only $39.5 million.
The United States and Britain are seeking backing at the United Nations for their agenda to hand over power to Iraqis.	At the United Nations, the United States and Britain are seeking backing for their agenda to hand over power to Iraqis.
The US version will cost $99 for an individual licence, the same as the existing version.	Contribute 2 costs 69 for an individual license, the same as the existing version.
The format must be an open standard that has been formally ratified by an internationally recognized standards organization, and IP must be licensed under reasonable, non-discriminatory terms.	The format must be formally ratified by an internationally recognized standards organization, and IP must be licensed under reasonable, non-discriminatory terms, they added.
In Damascus, Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan called the charges "baseless and illogical".	In Damascus, the Syrian Information Minister, Ahmed al-Hassan, dismissed the claim.
Water samples are being tested in a state lab to determine what caused the reaction.	Water samples are being sent to the state health department for analysis.
"Any decision on Charleroi will have huge implications for regional airports in France," he said.	"A bad decision on Charleroi would have huge implications for state-owned regional airports in France.
On the upside, Coca-Cola Co. (nyse: KO - news - people) reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday, helped by European demand.	Coca-Cola Co. (KO) reported higher profit for the quarter, helped by European demand, early on Thursday.
The shooting happened at 5:30 a.m. in the living room of the home the extended family shared on the city's westside.	The shootings happened at 5:30 a.m. in the living room of the home that the extended family shared on Gary's west side.
His spokesman, Tom Parker, said Moore's attorneys would respond to the complaint Monday.	Parker said Moore's lawyers were reviewing the complaint and would respond Monday.
They made a similar discovery in Houston on another aircraft, Dallas-based Southwest said in a statement.	The airline said a similar discovery was made on the plane in Houston.
"The sentence reflects the seriousness with which our office and the courts views these crimes," Spitzer said in a statement.	Mr. Spitzer said in a statement that the sentence "reflects the seriousness with which our office and the courts view these crimes."
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.	There are some who feel like the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
Wall Street regained a positive track yesterday after two of Saddam Hussein's sons were killed in a firefight in Iraq.	WALL St regained a positive track today following news that two of Saddam Hussein's sons were among four Iraqis killed in a US raid in northern Iraq.
A prosecutor said investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death arrived.	Investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death came, prosecutor Wolfgang Schweer said.
Such a move has been widely predicted by industry observers and follows the recent announcement that Christopher Galvin, the company's chairman and chief executive, would soon retire.	Such a move has been widely predicted by industry observers and follows the departure of Christopher Galvin, the company's chairman and chief executive.
The United States and Russia have spent billions since the 1960s on a handful of space craft designed to land on Mars.	The United States and Russia spent billions on a dozen or so robotic craft meant to land on Mars and radio back their findings.
Charles Howell III picked up some local knowledge a year ago that provided much-needed insight in the opening round of the Memorial Tournament in Dublin, Ohio.	Charles Howell III picked up some local knowledge a year ago that provided some much needed insight in Thursday's opening round of the Memorial Tournament.
Avalon means the next Windows OS will support new styles of user interfaces and elements.	Thanks to Avalon, Longhorn will support new styles of user interfaces and user interface elements.
The three priests were careful to go through church channels first as they exercised their rights under canon law.	The priests went through church channels first, exercising their rights under canon law.
There were no plans to build permanent US bases in Africa, Pentagon officials said.	There are no plans to build permanent U.S. bases in Africa, Defense Department officials say.
Sarah Weddington, the abortion advocate and attorney who originally represented McCorvey, could not be reached for comment.	Sarah Weddington, the abortion advocate and lawyer who originally represented McCorvey, did not immediately return a call seeking comment.
Monday, the CIA said analysts concluded that Saddam is likely the speaker on the tape.	The CIA on Monday said voice and sound analysts concluded that Saddam is probably the speaker on the tape.
The report by the Justice Department's inspector general found "significant problems" in the government's handling of foreigners who were jailed under blanket edicts adopted by the department after the attacks.	The Justice Department's Office of the Inspector General described "significant problems" in the Bush administration's actions toward the 762 foreigners held on immigration violations after the attacks.
Under the agreement, LendingTree shareholders would receive 0.6199 of a USAi share for each share in LendingTree.	Under the proposed stock for stock transaction, LendingTree shareholders will get 0.6199 shares of USAI common stock for each share of LendingTree common stock.
Prince William County prosecutors told a judge yesterday they now want the trial of sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad moved out of the area.	Prosecutors reversed course Friday and said they support moving the murder trial of sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad out of the Washington suburbs.
Greenspan is head of the U.S. central bank, which sets U.S. interest rates.	Greenspan's Federal Reserve, the U.S. central bank, decides interest rates in the world's largest economy.
Others rushed up the aisle to vocally protest the remarks, and one student tossed his cap and gown to the stage before leaving.	A few tried to rush the podium, and at least one graduate tossed his cap and gown to the stage before leaving.
Last year, Congress passed similar, though less expensive, buyout legislation for peanut farmers to end that program, which also dated from the Depression.	Last year, Congress passed similar, though less expensive, buyout legislation for peanut farmers, ending that Depression-era program.
"Indeed, Iran should be put on notice that efforts to try to remake Iraq in their image will be aggressively put down," he said.	"Iran should be on notice that attempts to remake Iraq in Iran's image will be aggressively put down," he said.
It is important for a process to be put into place, he said, that would permit a smooth transition from war to peace.	He added: "Let the process be put in place that will ensure a smooth transition from war to peace.
While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.	Instead of one long operation to separate the twins, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three, with several weeks between each.
"If I was diagnosed today with CJD, I would ensure I received this treatment as soon as humanly possible.	He added that if he were diagnosed with vCJD "I would ensure I received this treatment as soon as humanly possible".
I think there's a little hope invested in McNabb and he got a lot of credit for the performance of his team that he really didn't deserve.	There is a little hope invested in McNabb, and he got a lot of credit for the performance of this team that he didn't deserve."
A COUPLE have been arrested for starving their four sons while letting their daughters feast in front of them.	A couple starved their four adopted sons for years while allowing their daughters to feast on takeaways, police and neighbours said today.
The ELF has claimed responsibility for a slew of arson attacks against commercial entities that members say threaten or damage the environment.	The underground group has claimed responsibility for a series of arsons against commercial entities that members say damage the environment.
Claudia Gonzles Herrera, an assistant attorney general in charge of the case, said the arrests show that Guatemala "takes the defense of its ancient Maya heritage seriously."	Claudia Gonzales Herrera, an assistant attorney-general in charge of the case, said the arrests showed that Guatemala took the defence of its Mayan heritage seriously.
Gordon stressed that his bill "is a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."	But Gordon emphasized that the legislation he introduced last week is "a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral (Harold) Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."
Lay had contended that turning over the documents would violate his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.	Lay had refused to turn over the papers, asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
The number of passengers aboard was not known and may never be, since ferry operators rarely keep full passenger lists.	The exact number of passengers on the ferry was not known and may never be determined because ferry operators typically do not keep accurate passenger manifests.
More than 6 percent of men on the drug developed high-grade tumors compared with 5.1 percent on placebo.	They found that 6.4 percent of men on finasteride had high-grade tumors, compared to 5.1 percent taking a placebo.
"This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation’s critical infrastructure assets."	"This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyberassets so that we may best protect the nation's critical infrastructure assets," he added.
Sales of downloaded singles and albums will be included in Billboard's charts for those configurations.	Digital download sales of recorded albums and singles will be included in the album and singles sales charts, respectively.
The findings were reported online in the June 1 edition of scientific journal Nature Medicine.	The findings are published in today's edition of the journal Nature Medicine.
Kerry last month outlined a U.N. resolution authorizing a military force under U.S. command and transferring responsibility to the United Nations for the political and humanitarian efforts.	Kerry outlined last month a UN resolution authorizing a military force under US command and transferring responsibility for political and humanitarian efforts to the UN.
Downer originally said the 14 Kurds had not asked to be considered as refugees when they arrived in a boat off Melville Island last week.	Foreign Minister Alexander Downer yesterday claimed the group of 14 Kurds had not asked to be considered as refugees when they arrived off Melville Island last week.
Nearly 300 mutinous troops who seized a Manila shopping and apartment complex demanding the government resign gave up and retreated peacefully after some 19 hours.	Mutinous troops who seized a Manila shopping and apartment complex demanding the government resign ended a 19-hour standoff late Sunday and returned to barracks without a shot fired.
"The court expects that 25 years from now, the use of racial preferences will no longer be necessary," O'Connor wrote.	O'Connor wrote, "We expect that 25 years from now, the use of racial preferences will no longer be necessary."
The FTC also said AOL and CompuServe failed to deliver timely rebates to consumers.	In a separate complaint, the FTC alleged that AOL and CompuServe failed to deliver timely $400 rebates to consumers.
CELF said IBM is pursuing membership and plans to be an active participant in the forum.	IBM is pursuing membership and plans to be an active participant in the CELF, according to various members of CELF.
The news came as authorities in Taiwan quarantined hundreds at two major hospitals amid fears of a widespread epidemic of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome on the self-governing island.	The threat came as Taiwanese authorities quarantined hundreds at two hospitals amid fears of an epidemic of severe acute respiratory syndrome.
In three years, Lend Lease has slipped from a top-five stock, when its share price was around $24, to 37th.	In the space of three years, Lend Lease has slipped from a top-five 5 stock when its share price hovered around $24 to 37th on the list.
In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 1.5 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 gained 0.3 percent and Germany's DAX index advanced 1.2 percent.	In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 advanced and Britain's FTSE 100 each gained 0.7 percent, while Germany's DAX index rose 0.6 percent.
"We did not want to shut down," Lawrence Diamond, the CFO, said as O'Donnell lawyer Matthew Fishbein questioned him.	"We did not want to shut down," Diamond testified under questioning by Matthew Fishbein, one of O'Donnell's lawyers.
OpForce 3.0 supports Solaris, IBM AIX, Red Hat Linux and Windows.	The OpForce product currently works with Solaris, AIX, Red Hat Linux and Windows servers.
As such, consumers want to easily enjoy this content, regardless of the source, across different devices and locations in the home, said the group.	The companies say their consumers want to enjoy their content, regardless of the source, across different devices and locations in the home.
Columbia broke up over Texas upon re-entry on Feb. 1.	Columbia broke apart in the skies above Texas on Feb. 1.
Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter.	Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans.
One of the Commission's publicly stated goals is to ensure other producers' server software can work with desktop computers running Windows as easily as Microsoft's.	The Commission has publicly said one of its goals is to ensure other producers' server software can connect to desktop computers running Windows as easily as Microsoft's can.
"We respectfully disagreed with Massachusetts's request for fees on the basis that they did not prevail on the vast majority of their original claims," Microsoft spokeswoman Stacy Drake said.	"We respectfully disagreed with Massachusetts' request for fees on the basis that they did not prevail on the vast majority of their original claims."
But he added: "You can't win elections by looking in the rearview mirror."	"You can't win elections by looking through the rear view mirror," he said.
Recent U.S. appeals court rulings have required Internet providers to identify subscribers suspected of illegally sharing music and movie files.	The new campaign comes just weeks after U.S. appeals court rulings requiring Internet service providers to identify subscribers suspected of illegally sharing music and movie files.
Federal offices were to remain closed for a second day overnight (Friday US time).	The Government shut down in Washington, and federal offices were to remain closed yesterday.
Missouri Gov. Bob Holden asked the White House to declare a federal disaster in 39 counties.	Gov. Bob Holden asked Bush to declare 39 Missouri counties disaster areas.
According to the affidavit, Al-Amoudi made at least 10 trips to Libya using two American and one Yemeni passport.	The affidavit said Mr. al-Amoudi made at least 10 trips to Libya using one Yemeni and two U.S. passports.
An attempt last month in the Senate to keep the fund open for another year fell flat.	An attempt to keep the fund open for another year fell flat in the Senate last month.
Passenger Keith Charlton, who helped tackle the man, last night praised the efforts of the injured chief flight attendant, known to passengers as Greg.	Passenger Keith Charlton, who also tackled the attacker, praised the efforts of the injured chief flight attendant.
O'Brien's attorney, Jordan Green, declined to comment.	Jordan Green, O'Brien's private attorney, said he had no comment.
The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 18.06, or 0.2 per cent, at 9266.51.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> slipped 44.32 points, or 0.48 percent, to 9,240.25.
But she didn't say whether she'll certify the two-year $117.4 billion budget for 2004-05.	She said she didn't know yet whether she would certify the budget.
When a manager let him into the apartment, the youngster was in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching a TV cartoon channel.	When the manager let him in the apartment, Brianna was in her mother's bedroom lying in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching cartoons.
"We will accede to the request while we explore all of our options," VeriSign spokesman Tom Galvin told Reuters.	We will accede to the request while we explore all of our options," said Russell Lewis, executive vice president of VeriSign's Naming and Directory Services Group.
Electronic Data Systems Corp. Thursday said the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy.	In a regulatory filing, EDS said the SEC had asked for information related to its troubled IT outsourcing contract with the US Navy.
Malvo's attorneys mounted an insanity defense, arguing that Muhammad's indoctrination left him unable to tell right from wrong.	Malvo's lawyers have presented an insanity defense, saying brainwashing by convicted sniper John Allen Muhammad left Malvo incapable of knowing right from wrong.
On average the students suffered at least one of the 13 symptoms between three and 11 times in the last year.	Based on having at least one of these symptoms, most students were hung over between three and 11 times in the past year.
SEIU President Andrew Stern said the unions are "totally comfortable" with Dean's positions.	In his speech, Stern says his members are "totally comfortable" with Dean's positions on health care issues.
But the institute says the department "woefully underestimates" the changes that would occur under the proposal.	But the institute says the department ‘‘woefully underestimates’’ the changes that would occur if the proposal is implemented.
A year or two later, 259, or 10 per cent, of the youths reported that they had started to smoke, or had taken just a few puffs.	Within two years, 259, or 10 percent, of the youths reported they had started to smoke or had at least taken a few puffs.
On Thursday, authorities evacuated residents who live in the canyon and closed off the road leading there.	Authorities evacuated residents and closed off the road leading to Waterman Canyon.
EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington.	Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform.
Officials with North Carolina Speedway at Rockingham could not be reached.	NASCAR officials could not be reached for comment Tuesday.
Identical wording was introduced in the Senate last week by three Republicans, Wayne Allard (Colo.), Jeff Sessions (Ala.) and Sam Brownback (Kan.).	Identical wording was introduced in the Senate last week by three Republicans: Wayne Allard of Colorado, Jeff Sessions of Alabama and Sam Brownback of Kansas.
Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas were the two other dissenting judges.	His dissent was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas.
Prisoners were tortured and executed -- their ears and scalps severed for souvenirs.	They frequently tortured and shot prisoners, severing ears and scalps for souvenirs.
U.S. troops killed nearly two dozen suspected Taliban militants after coming under fire in southern Afghanistan in the latest in a series of such attacks.	U.S. soldiers killed about two dozen suspected Taliban militants in southern Afghanistan after their convoy came under attack, the military said Sunday.
Cindy Yeast, a 50-year-old Washington-area publicist, says she began taking supplements two years ago in part to avoid mild dementia that affects her elderly parents.	She started taking supplements two years ago - partly to stave off mild dementia that affects her elderly parents.
About 25 countries have signed in the past four months, and about half of those have been signed in the past few weeks.	According to the State Department list, about 25 nations have signed bilateral agreements in the past four months, about half in the past three weeks.
"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilisation," Powell said, according to the text of prepared remarks seen by Reuters.	"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilization," Mr. Powell said in a speech to fellow NATO ministers.
The two are not related, but have referred to each other as father and son.	He's not related to Malvo, but the two have referred to each other as father and son.
Hormone replacement therapy that combines estrogen and progestin doubles a woman's risk of breast cancer, a British study of more than a million women has found.	A major British study has added to the evidence that hormone replacement therapy increases the risk of breast cancer, especially when women receive a combination of estrogen and progestin.
"I will pass on to him [Mr. Cheney] that Canada still remains a safe, secure and reliable supply of energy," Mr. Klein said Sunday.	"I will pass on to him that Canada still remains a safe, secure and reliable supply of energy."
"It is a benign web where we hope to catch investors and where each of us can advance our enlightened self interest through cooperation with others."	It is a benign web where we hope to catch investors and where each of us can advance our enlightened self-interest through cooperation with others,' said Mr Goh.
Adolescent specialist Dr Michael Cohen, who worked on the study, said doctors had treated eight-year-old children with anorexia - and that he had once treated a four-year-old boy.	Adolescent specialist Dr. Michael Cohen, who worked on the study, said doctors had treated 8-year-old children with anorexia _ and that he had once treated a 4-year-old boy.
"It's obvious I'm not riding as well as years past," Armstrong said at a news conference.	"I think it's obvious I'm not riding as well as I have in years past.
All those infected had recent close contact with prairie dogs.	One of those infected reported having recent contact with exotic animals there.
At a news conference on Staten Island, U.S. Attorney Roslynn Mauskopf announced she would be taking over the probe from District Attorney William Murphy.	On Friday, U.S. Attorney Roslynn Mauskopf said she would take over the probe from District Attorney William Murphy.
"When I talked to him last time, did I think that was the end-all - one conversation with somebody?	When I talked to him last time, did I think it was the end-all?
Slow-moving, drenching Tropical Storm Henri doused an already soaked Florida Friday, bringing powerful storms which further tested already-swollen lakes and rivers.	Slow-moving, drenching Tropical Storm Henri doused an already soaked Florida on Friday, pushing heavy rains into areas where lakes and rivers were full to overflowing.
The case had consolidated numerous class action suits filed against Rambus in 2001.	The case consolidated multiple purported class actions filed in 2001.
He added that we are "not going to make progress if we don't broaden the tent."	He added Democrats are not going to make progress if we dont broaden the tent.
Gibson said last month in a press statement that "neither I nor my film are anti-Semitic.	Gibson said in a June statement that he and his film are not anti-Semitic.
The MTA had argued it needed to raise fares to close a two-year deficit it estimated at different times ranged from less than $1 billion to $2.8 billion.	The MTA argued it needed to raise fares to close a two-year deficit it estimated, at different times, to be $952 million or $2.8 billion.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 64.64 points, or 0.71 percent, at 9,191.09, according to the latest available data.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI added 38 points, or 0.42 percent, to 9,165.
The vote came just two days after Kurds swept City Council elections, taking the largest single block of votes on the 30-seat council.	The vote for mayor followed City Council elections that gave Kurds the largest block of votes on the 30-seat council.
Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.	Dolores E. Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs is just the type of person who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.
The skull is then punctured, the brain suctioned out, and that causes the skull to collapse so it can be removed from the birth canal.	The skull is then punctured and the brain suctioned out, causing the skull to collapse and easing passage through the birth canal.
"The accuser arrived at the hospital wearing yellow knit panties - with someone else's semen and sperm in them, not that of Mr. Bryant," Mackey hammered triumphantly.	"The accuser arrived at the hospital wearing panties with someone else's semen and sperm in them, not that of Mr. Bryant, correct?"
Tornadoes, up to a foot of rain and hail as big as cantaloupes pounded southern Nebraska and northern Kansas, killing one man and destroying at least four homes.	Up to a foot of rain and at least seven tornadoes pounded southern Nebraska and northern Kansas, killing a man and destroying at least four homes.
Large swells and dangerous surf already were being felt along sections of the coast.	Already large swells and dangerous surf have arrived along the mid-Atlantic.
He said: "I fear on this occasion what happened was those bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected.	"I fear on this occasion what happened is that those bits of the alphabet that supported the case were selected," he said.
Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. AA.N to report earnings after the close.	Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) to report earnings after the close.
Duisenberg said in an interview with Bloomberg News' German television channel released earlier on Wednesday it was too early to discuss further interest rate cuts for the euro zone.	European Central Bank President Wim Duisenberg said in a televised interview that it was too soon to discuss further interest rate cuts in the euro zone.
Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence a body or bodies have been in this area".	Detective Chief Inspector Norman McKinlay, leading the investigation, said: "There is evidence a body or bodies have been in this area.
FCC Chairman Michael Powell said in a statement that the ruling would "throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy."	He added that the decision will "throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy."
It marked the fourth straight week and the ninth time this year that rates on this benchmark mortgage fell to an all-time weekly low.	Mortgage rates around the country fell again this week, the ninth time this year rates have hit an all-time low.
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on April 20, 1999.	Harris and Klebold killed 12 students, a teacher and themselves at the school.
Then they moved inside the mosque and started firing on the people,'' he told the Associated Press.	"Then they moved inside the mosque and started firing on the people."
The company is in the early stages of testing the drug for rheumatoid arthritis.	The company is also testing its cancer drug Rituxan for use by rheumatoid arthritis patients.
R&D spending is expected to be $4.4 billion for the year, as compared to the previous expectation of $4.3 billion.	Spending on research and development is expected to be $4.4 billion for the year, compared with the previous expectation of $4.3 billion.
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings, but few Balinese attended the trial.	Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack sat in the front row of the court, but few Balinese attended the trial.
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment.	The California Farm Bureau did not immediately have an official response to Tuesday's ruling.
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads opened tighter overall on Tuesday, but tobacco company bonds widened significantly after an adverse legal ruling on Philip Morris USA.	U.S. corporate bond yield spreads ended mostly tighter amid slumping Treasuries on Tuesday, while bonds of tobacco firms widened significantly after an adverse legal ruling on Philip Morris USA.
Buyers can purchase a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for $298, excluding taxes, the report said.	Buyers can now choose a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for 12,390 baht (US$298), excluding taxes, the report said.
Not only is this the oldest known planet, it's also the most distant.	Astronomers have found the oldest and most distant planet known in the universe.
They have been identified by the Tarrant County Medical Examiner's Office as Melena's brother, Angel Melena, 25, and Narcisco Del Angel Lozano, 34.	The Tarrant County Medical Examiner's Office has identified the deceased passengers at the scene as Angel Melena, 25, and Narcisco Del-Angel Lozano, 34.
Dynes will get $395,000 a year, an increase over Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.	In his new position, Dynes will earn $395,000, a significant increase over Atkinson's salary of $361,400.
Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips against little or no competition.	"Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling...against little or no competition," Hubach said in the statement.
Predictions ranged from 16 cents a share to 27 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.	Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
Full classes of 48 are booked through September, he said, and the Transportation Security Administration plans to double its classes in January.	Full classes of 48 each are booked through the end of September, he said, and the agency plans to double its classes in January.
Sovereign's shares lost 74 cents, or 4.5%, to $15.68.	Sovereign shares closed on the New York Stock Exchange at $15.68, down 74 cents, or 4.5 percent.
Other recommendations included a special counsel on oceans in the White House, creation of regional ocean ecosystem councils and a national system to protect marine reserves.	Other recommendations included the creation of regional ocean ecosystem councils and a national system to fully protect marine reserves.
"We will work with the board to ensure a smooth transition."	He said federal regulators would work with the corporation to ensure a "smooth transition."
During the fiscal second quarter, Cisco earned $991 million, or 14 cents a share, on sales of $4.7 billion.	Cisco reported earnings of $987 million, or 14 cents a share, on revenue of $4.62 billion for the quarter ending in April.
The remains of three illegal immigrants were found Tuesday in a sweltering railroad car after fellow immigrants escaped and left behind their weakened companions.	Three undocumented immigrants were found dead inside a railroad hopper car Tuesday, two days after fellow immigrants escaped the sweltering car and left behind their weakened companions.
Gasps could be heard in the courtroom when the photo was displayed.	Gasps could be heard as the photo was projected onto the screen.
Last month, it narrowed the range to between $7.6 billion and $7.8 billion.	Last month Intel raised its revenue guidance for the quarter to between $7.6 billion and $7.8 billion.
Sir Wilfred Thesiger, traveller, writer, and one of the last solitary explorers of a shrinking planet, has died aged 93.	Sir Wilfred Thesiger, writer, explorer and chronicler of the world's vanishing ways of life, has died at age 93.
"Arifin has disclosed to the I.S.D. that he is involved with a group of like-minded individuals in planning terrorist attacks against certain targets in Thailand," the statement said.	"Arifin has disclosed . . . that he is involved with a group of like-minded individuals in planning terrorist attacks against certain targets in Thailand.
An amendment by Rep. Ellen Tauscher of California to create a special committee to investigate Iraq intelligence failures was rejected on procedural grounds.	Her proposal to create a special committee to investigate Iraq intelligence failures was rejected on procedural grounds.
Intel updated investors midway through the quarter and said business was proceeding exactly as planned.	Intel said midway through its quarter, which ended in June, that business was exactly as expected.
"The NAFTA ruling confirms that Canadian producers dump lumber in to the U.S. market," Rusty Wood, chairman of the coalition, said in a release.	"The NAFTA ruling confirms that Canadian producers dump lumber into the U.S. market," said Rusty Wood, chairman of the Coalition for Fair Lumber Imports.
"No data exists to indicate that the situation with repair stations poses a safety concern."	However, FAA spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen said no data indicate that the situation poses safety problems.
Doctors have advised that the boy get chemotherapy, but Daren and Barbara Jensen have refused, fearing the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile.	Daren and Barbara Jensen refused to heed doctors' recommendation of chemotherapy, fearing the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile.
IAAF council member Jose Maria Odriozola said Drummond should be excluded from the championships.	"I have proposed to the [IAAF] council that Drummond be excluded from the championships."
As a teen, he stabbed a 6-year-old boy, nearly killing him, for no apparent reason.	He also told investigators that when he was in his mid-teens, he stabbed a 6-year-old boy for no apparent reason.
"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," according to extracts leaked yesterday.	"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents."
Labor Department analysts think the payroll statistics from the survey of businesses provide a more accurate picture of the economy because the survey figures are based on a larger sample.	The analysts said they believe the payroll statistics provide a more accurate picture of the economy because they are based on a larger sample.
Gilead had earnings of $73.1 million, or 33 cents a share, compared with $20.8 million, or 10 cents, in the year-ago quarter.	Quarterly profit climbed to $73.1 million, or 33 cents a share, from $20.8 million, or 10 cents, a year earlier, the company said.
Mohcine Douali, who lives in the centre of Algiers, said: "It was a great shock.	"It was a great shock," said Mohcine Douali, who lives in central Algiers.
Whether it works out, timewise, that I can march with all four ... we'll see what happens," he said.	Whether it works out timewise with all four, I don't know but we will see what happens."
"The strength of demand for credit increases the danger associated with delaying (a rate rise) that is called for on general macroeconomic grounds," Mr Macfarlane said.	The strength of demand for credit increases the danger associated with delaying a tightening of policy that is called for on general macroeconomic grounds."
But while the prime minister's trial judders to a halt, his co-defendants in the same case are not protected.	While he is now spared that threat, his co-defendants in the same case are not protected.
Since it was launched, the SiteFinder service has come under increasing criticism from users and analysts who say that VeriSign has overstepped its authority.	Since it was launched Monday, the SiteFinder service has drawn widespread criticism from Internet users who complain that VeriSign has overstepped its authority.
His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned in a Virginia Beach, Va., parking lot June 25.	His sport utility vehicle was found June 25, abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach, Va.
Former chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.	Last week, former chief financial officer Franklyn Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and agreed to cooperate with the government's investigation.
My view is these al-Qaeda terrorists - and I believe it was al-Qaeda - would prefer to have many such events."	"My view is that these Al Qaeda terrorists -- and I believe it was Al Qaeda -- would prefer to have many such events."
The court's 1992 decision reaffirmed the basic findings of Roe protecting abortion choice but lessened the standards of protection guaranteed to women by Roe.	In a 1992 case, the Supreme Court reaffirmed the basic findings of Roe protecting abortion choice, but lessened the standards of protection guaranteed to women by Roe.
The latest quarter's profit was a penny above of the average estimate as compiled by Thomson First Call.	The earnings beat by a penny the consensus estimate of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
More than 60 percent of the company's 1,000 employees were killed in the attack.	More than 60 per cent of its 1,000 employees at the time were killed.
Only two bidders of the six have expressed interest in the whole pie - oil tycoon Marvin Davis and Seagram heir Edgar Bronfman Jr.	Only two of the bidders have so far expressed interest in buying all the assets -- Davis and Bronfman.
Bush also said he plans to meet with scientists and legal experts and will not make a determination on the bill for a few more weeks.	Bush said he plans to meet with scientists and legal experts and will not decide the bill's fate for a few more weeks.
However, one subset of women — those on hormonal treatment following chemotherapy — appeared to show improvement in survival.	However, one subset of patients, women on hormonal treatment following chemotherapy, "appeared to show a favorable trend to improvement in survival."
Intel’s Xeon surpassed HP’s PA-RISC to become the most often used processor, rising from 76 systems in June to 152 systems in November.	Intel's Xeon surpassed HP's PA-RISC to become the processor most often used, rising from 76 systems in June to 152 systems in November.
"We are very pleased that the court dismissed the vast majority of the plaintiff's claims," Coke spokeswoman Sonya Soutus said.	"We are very pleased that the court dismissed the vast majority of the plaintiff's claims," said Coke spokesman Ben Deutsch.
A postal distribution center where four anthrax-laced letters passed through two years ago was fumigated with chlorine dioxide gas as crews wound up the decontamination process this weekend.	Workers cleaning up a postal distribution center where four letters laced with anthrax had passed through two years ago planned to complete the fumigation operation early Sunday.
The American military's task is to provide the security in the meantime.	The U.S. military's task, in this period, is to provide security.
The A920 comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89.	Dell's Personal All-in-One A920 is an entry-level device that combines printer, scanner and copier functions for $89.
Officials said the data will be used to verify whether they had stayed beyond their authorized time.	Officials said data will be used to verify whether travelers have exceeded their authorized stay.
A $5 billion dollar-denominated portion has seen about $19 billion of bids, investors said.	A $5 billion dollar-denominated portion from GM drew about $21 billion of bids, an analyst looking at the deal said.
Even after he turned 94, Lacy worked to change baseball.	Even into his 90s, Lacy worked to change the game of baseball.
It would not affect economic damages such as lost wages or hospital bills.	Economic damages, such as lost wages or medical costs, wouldn't be capped under Bush's plan.
Schneiderman said this fare price would reflect the agency's legitimate financial condition as well as riders' concerns about having to pay 33 percent more to ride in a recession.	Schneiderman said the price would reflect the agency's legitimate financial status as well as riders' concerns about having to pay 33 percent more at the turnstile in a recession.
The two countries agreed last week to hold their first diplomatic discussions in two years.	Last week, India and Pakistan said they would hold their first diplomatic talks in two years.
The proposal also may help Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a takeover from Indianapoils-based shopping mall operator Simon Property Group Inc.	The legislation, approved 12-3 by the House Commerce Committee, may allow Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. to fend off a takeover attempt by Indianapolis-based Simon Property Group Inc.
Last year, the board raised rents by 2 percent on one-year renewals, 4 percent on two-year leases.	For lofts, the board proposed increases of 4 percent for one-year leases and 7 percent for two-year renewals.
South Africa has the world's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS.	With 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS, South Africa has the world's highest AIDS caseload.
Cordiant has been on the block since it lost the key Allied Domecq account in April.	Cordiant has been a target since it lost a crucial client, Allied Domeq, in April.
"The investigation appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry, with specific emphasis on revenue recognition," Activision said in an SEC filing.	According to the company filings, the investigation "appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry, with specific emphasis on revenue recognition."
A Stage One alert is declared when ozone readings exceed 0.20 parts per million during a one-hour period.	A Stage 1 episode is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 parts per million.
As part of a 2001 agreement to extradite them from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty.	As part of the agreement to extradite the two best friends from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty for convictions.
The anguish was detectable in the voices of those of Forlong's television colleagues who would speak on Monday.	The anguish could be heard in the voices of Mr Forlong's television colleagues who would speak.
Sen. Patrick Leahy of Vermont, the committee's senior Democrat, later said the problem is serious but called Hatch's suggestion too drastic.	Sen. Patrick Leahy, the committee's senior Democrat, later said the problem is serious but called Hatch's idea too drastic a remedy to be considered.
"Ex-Im board members displayed courage and environmental leadership in the face of considerable pressure," Jon Sohn of Friends of the Earth said after the panel's vote.	"Two Ex-Im board members displayed courage and environmental leadership in the face of considerable pressure," said Jon Sohn, international campaigner for Friends of the Earth.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 <.SPX> eased 0.37 of a point, or 0.03 percent, at 1,121.	The Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> slipped 0.26 point, or 0.02 percent, to 1,121.96.
Malaysia has launched an aggressive media campaign over its water dispute with Singapore.	MALAYSIA will launch a publicity campaign in local newspapers today giving its version of the water dispute with Singapore.
The Cavaliers won the right Thursday to select James in the June 26 draft.	The Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to draft James by winning the NBA's annual lottery Thursday night.
Two Atlanta companies that have not been accused of wrongdoing -- Delta Air Lines Inc. and the Home Depot -- were mentioned as having excessive pay packages for its CEOs.	Two Atlanta-based companies that have not been accused of wrongdoing -- Delta Air Lines and Home Depot -- were also mentioned by witnesses as having excessive pay packages for CEOs.
The Republic of Korea was found to lead the way in broadband penetration, with approximately 21 broadband subscribers for every 100 inhabitants.	Not surprisingly, broadband nation Korea leads the way in broadband penetration, with approximately 21 broadband subscribers for every 100 inhabitants.
Mr Blair admitted in a newspaper article Mr Bush’s critics were “rubbing their hands at the scope for embarrassing him”.	The Prime Minister today admitted that critics are “rubbing their hands at the scope for embarrassing him”.
Intel Corp. unveiled Wednesday its next generation processor for cellular phones, personal digital assistants and other wireless devices.	Intel on Wednesday unveiled its next-generation processor for cell phones, PDAs, and other wireless devices.
Peterson's lawyer, Mark Geragos of Los Angeles, was quick to swipe at the testing procedure.	Peterson's lawyer, Mark Geragos, of Los Angeles, has contested the DNA evidence, saying it is unreliable.
The Belgian probe centred on allegations that certain cereals firms were tipped off about prices two hours before they were officially available.	He said the allegations were that certain cereals companies were tipped off to grain prices two hours before they were officially available.
They said they also seized several items which might be linked to ritual killing, including an animal's skull with a nail driven through it.	Among the evidence seized by detectives was an animal skull with a nail driven through its head, which may have been used in a "black magic" ceremony.
Dealers said the yen was also undermined by falling Japanese interest rates.	Dealers said the dollar also drew some support due to falling Japanese interest rates.
The World Health Organization and the United States Centers for Disease Control sent down a team to look into it.	The World Health Organization and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in the United States have sent a team to investigate.
SMILING bomber Amrozi was inspired to launch an attack on Bali after his former Australian boss revealed the tourist island was a haven for sinful behaviour by westerners.	BALI bomber Amrozi claims he was inspired to launch an attack on the tourist island after his Australian boss revealed Bali was a haven for sinful behaviour of Westerners.
Abplanalp used plastic in a model that could be mass-produced, lowering the price per valve from 15 cents to 2 1/2 cents.	Mr. Abplanalp used plastic in a model that could be mass produced, lowering the price per valve, to 2 1/2 cents from 15 cents.
Russia, along with France, China and others, advocate a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy.	France, Russia, China and even staunch ally Britain had advocated a stronger U.N. role, which they said was needed to give a U.S.-backed Iraqi authority international legitimacy.
SCC argued that Lexmark was trying to shield itself from competition by installing a chip on its toner cartridges to make it difficult for third-party manufacturers to make generic cartridges.	The company also argued that Lexmark was trying to squash competition by installing a microchip on its toner cartridges to make it difficult for third-party manufacturers to make generic cartridges.
On Oct. 10, an 18-year-old freshman member of the men's swim team jumped from the same 10th-floor ledge.	On Oct. 10, an 18-year-old freshman from Dayton, Ohio, climbed over the same 10th-floor ledge and plunged to his death.
The deal is subject to N2H2 approval and is expected to be completed by year's end.	The deal is subject to N2H2 approval and is expected to be complete during the final calendar quarter of 2003.
Yesterday, two Japanese diplomats were killed in an apparent ambush near Tikrit, 175 kilometres north of the capital.	Two Japanese diplomats were also killed in an ambush near Tikrit, according to the Japanese Foreign Ministry.
"We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States," Moqtada al-Sadr said.	"We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States," Sadr said in a fiery sermon at Koufa mosque near Najaf.
"These are violent surgeries and I wanted to convey that," Murphy says.	I mean, these are violent surgeries, and I wanted to properly convey that."
Under the 1973 Roe vs. Wade ruling, before a fetus could live outside the womb, the abortion decision was left to the woman and her physician.	Under the original Roe v. Wade ruling, the abortion decision was left to the woman and her physician before a fetus could live outside the womb.
"If that ain't a Democrat, then I must be at the wrong meeting," he said to a standing ovation.	And if that ain't a Democrat, then I must be in the wrong meeting," he said to thunderous applause from his supporters.
"I think we made some mistakes with this exam, and it's up to us to identify and correct them," Mills said.	Mills yesterday admitted, "We made some mistakes with this exam and it's up to us to identify and correct them.
And if estimates hold, it will mark the first time in history that five films grossed more than $20 million each in one weekend.	It is also the first time in history that five films grossed more than $20 million each in one weekend.
A total of 17 cases have been confirmed in the southern city of Basra, the Organization said.	A total of 17 confirmed cases of cholera were reported yesterday by the World Health Organisation in the southern Iraqi city of Basra.
There is no transcript the courtroom session in Tarrytown, 12 miles north of New York on the Hudson River.	There was no transcript of Thursday's courtroom session in Tarrytown, which is 12 miles north of New York City on the Hudson River.
"Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now," he said during a press briefing at the hospital.	"Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now," said Goodrich, also director of pediatric neurosurgery at the Children's Hospital at Montefiore.
IBM stock rose $1.75, to $84.50, on the New York Stock Exchange.	IBM shares closed up $1.75, or 2.11 percent, at $84.50 on the New York Stock Exchange.
That is evident from their failure, three times in a row, to get a big enough turnout to elect a president.	Three times in a row, they failed to get a big _enough turnout to elect a president.
He was arrested less than two kilometres from where he allegedly kidnapped her after brutally beating her mother and brother.	He was arrested less than 1km from where he allegedly kidnapped Jennette Tamayo after beating her mother and brother.
His election was hailed in some quarters as a breakthrough for gay rights, but condemned in others as a violation of God's word.	Robinson's election was hailed in some quarters as a major breakthrough for gay rights, but condemned by others as a "rebellion against God's created order."
Gov. Don Carcieri said the ruling shows that state taxation laws apply on the tribe's sales activities.	Gov. Don Carcieri said the ruling shows that state taxation laws apply to any tribal activity.
Wyeth estimates that 1.2 million women continue to take Prempro pills, down from about 3.4 million before the study was halted last summer.	Wyeth estimates that 1,2 million women are still taking Prempro pills, down from about 3,4 million before the WHI study was halted last year.
Come tonight, 21-year-old Morgan and as many as 1,200 fellow students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym for the first real dance in the school's 143-year history.	As many as 1,200 students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym Friday night for the first real dance in the Christian school's 143-year history.
Vaccine makers have been thrust in the limelight following government programmes to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets.	Vaccine makers have been thrust into the limelight as government programs encourage wider vaccination amid fears of biological attacks.
"If these loss reductions continue as expected, further rate reductions should be ordered."	If those loss reductions continue, further rate reductions should be ordered, Bordelon said.
President Bush signed a waiver exempting 22 nations from these sanctions because they had signed but not yet ratified the immunity agreement.	President Bush signed a waiver exempting 22 countries because they had signed but not yet ratified immunity agreements.
Shares of AT&T climbed 4.4 percent or 90 cents to $21.40, adding to the previous day's gain of 6 percent.	Shares of AT&T climbed 4 percent, adding to the previous day's 6 percent rise.
AMD reported a net loss of $140 million for the quarter ended June 29, on sales of $645 million.	In the first quarter of 2003, AMD reported a net loss of $146 million, or 42 cents per share, on sales of $715 million.
"People just love e-mail, and it really bothers them that spam is ruining such a good thing," said Deborah Fallows, the Pew researcher who wrote the report.	"People just love e-mail, and it really bothers them that spam is ruining such a good thing," said Deborah Fallows, senior research fellow with the Pew project.
And in the Muslim world, Osama bin Laden is becoming more of a hero, not less of one.	And in the Muslim world, Osama bin Laden, the missing leader of the al-Qaida terrorist network, is becoming more of a hero, not less of one.
We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word 'spike' as the name of our network."	We firmly believe that we have an absolute right to use the common word 'spike' to name our network.
In a major setback to consumers, a federal judge granted the government's request Thursday to shut down a company that helps customers buy cheaper prescription drugs from Canada.	A federal judge Thursday granted a request by the Food and Drug Administration to shut down Rx Depot, a popular Internet company that sells cheaper prescription drugs from Canada.
The panels picture the towers standing tall and outline their history, including their construction, the 1993 bombing and their ultimate destruction on Sept. 11, 2001.	The panels outline the twin towers' history, including their construction, the 1993 bombing and their ultimate destruction by terrorists on Sept. 11, 2001.
Though the legal age for marriage in Romania is 18, the country generally tolerates the Gypsy tradition of arranged child weddings.	Though the legal age for marriage in Romania is 18, the country generally tolerates the tradition of arranged child weddings among Roma, as Gypsies are also known.
The two rugged counties got 2 to 3 inches of rain between midnight and noon.	The weather service estimated that between two and three inches of rain hit Kanawha and Nicholas counties between midnight and noon Monday.
Intel plans to present a paper on its findings today at a conference in Japan.	The breakthrough technology was presented by Intel scientists at a conference in Japan.
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	It was announced that Green will replace Park in the Dale Earnhardt Inc. No. 1 Chevrolet, beginning with the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway next week.
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot.	Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will couple with Friends on Thursdays.
Disney has repeatedly said the "safety and enjoyment" of its guests were the reasons the company wanted the no-fly zones, and wants them maintained.	Disney spokeswoman Rena Callahan said the "safety and enjoyment" of its guests were the only reasons the company wanted the no-fly zones, and wants them kept in place.
Sources who knew of the bidding said last week that cable TV company Comcast Corp. was also looking at VUE.	Late last week, sources told Reuters cable TV company Comcast Corp. CMCSA.O also was looking at buying VUE assets.
On Wednesday, the total of National Guard and Reserve members called to active duty worldwide stood at 154,603.	As of yesterday, the total number of National Guard and Reserve troops called to duty worldwide stood at 154,603.
The shares fell 72 cents, or 3.8 percent, to $18.34 Monday on the New York Stock Exchange.	Schering-Plough shares fell 3.8 percent, or 72 cents, to close at $18.34 in trading Monday on the New York Stock Exchange.
But at age 15, she'd reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.	But at the age of 15, she weighed a whopping 117kg and came to a difficult decision: it was time to try surgery.
"Of course I want to win again, but I think is worse when you never won before because you are very anxious," he says.	"Of course, I want to win again, but it is worse when you have never won because you are anxious," he said.
E Ink is one of several groups trying to develop electronic "paper" for e-newspapers and e-books, and other uses - even clothing with computer screens sewn into it.	E Ink is one of several companies working to develop electronic "paper" for e-newspapers and e-books, and other possible applications _ even clothing with computer screens sewn into it.
The fawn, named after Dr Duane Kraemer, one of the researchers, was born a few months ago.	The fawn, named for university researcher Duane Kraemer, turns 7 months old today.
Canadian researchers ordered the slaughter of more than 2,000 cows and conducted an extensive investigation but were not able to find evidence of any other infected animals.	Canadian investigators slaughtered more than 2,000 cows but were not able to find evidence of any other infected animals.
But MTA officials appropriated the money to the 2003 and 2004 budgets without notifying riders or even the MTA board members considering the 50-cent hike, Hevesi found.	MTA officials appropriated the surplus money to later years' budgets without notifying riders or the MTA board members when the 50-cent hike was being considered, he said.
The measures could be taken up by the full Senate as early as Friday.	Ratliff said he hopes to bring the two measures to the full Senate by Friday.
Shares of Pleasanton-based PeopleSoft rose 4 cents, to $16.96, in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	PeopleSoft shares were up 4 cents at $16.96 in late morning trade on the Nasdaq.
In terms of a free trade area, we've got a long, long way to go and the Pakistanis understand that.	As for a free trade area, the official stressed that weve got a long, long way to go, and the Pakistanis understand that.
But Mr Robinson urged the voters to be "kind and sensitive and gentle" to the believers who "will not understand what you've done here today".	But he urged the delegates who elected him to be "kind and sensitive and gentle" to believers who "will not understand what you've done here today."
The technology-loaded Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC added 0.35 of a point, or 0.02 percent, to 1,662.	The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.48 points, or 1.06 percent, to 1,661.51, based on the latest available figures.
"This will be a marathon, not a sprint," said Jimmy D. Staton, a senior vice president with the utility.	"This will be a marathon, not a sprint," said Jimmy D. Staton, senior vice president of operations at Dominion Virginia Power.
"I am listening to the same things I listened to 17 years ago," Hollings said.	Im hearing the same things I listened to 17 years ago.
The cables can be engorged with far more power, and it can be turned on and off like a water spigot, making billing more accurate, Taub said.	The cables can carry far more power, and can be turned on and off like water spigots, making billing more accurate, Taub said.
Law enforcement sources who spoke on condition of anonymity confirmed to The Associated Press that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County state attorney's office.	Law enforcement officials confirmed that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County, Fla., state attorney's office.
One of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty.	One of the defining and well-studied characteristics of temperament is how people react to novelty.
Mr Koizumi rebuked Mr Konoike, saying his remarks were "inappropriate".	Koizumi told reporters at his office that Konoike's remarks were "inappropriate."
The CBO analysis of the Senate package said an amendment sponsored by Sen. Maria Cantwell, D-Wash., accounted for $40 billion of the total cost.	The budget office said one provision of the Senate bill accounted for $40 billion of the cost.
In July, EMC agreed to acquire Legato Systems (Nasdaq: LGTO) for about $1.2 billion.	In July, the Hopkinton, Mass., company agreed to buy Legato Systems of Mountain View for $1.3 billion.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index declined 6.11, or 0.6 per cent, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.	The Standard & Poor's 500 index declined by 4.39, or 0.4 percent, to 998.88, after losing 6.11 on Thursday.
The Nasdaq fell about 1.3% for the month, snapping a seven-month winning streak.	The Nasdaq is down roughly 0.4 percent for the month, on track to snap a 7-month streak of gains.
Shares of Cellegy were down $2.04, or 39%, to $3.18 in midday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Shares of Cellegy plunged $1.99 to $3.23 Monday on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
This is a process and there will be other opportunities for people to participate in the rebuilding of Iraq." he told reporters.	This is a process and there will be other opportunities for people to participate in the rebuilding of Iraq."
Matthew Lovett, 18, who just graduated from Collingswood High School, was among those arrested.	Matthew Lovett, 18, of Oaklyn, N.J., was among those arrested.
About 10 percent of high school and 16 percent of elementary students must be proficient at math.	In math, 16 percent of elementary and middle school students and 9.6 percent of high school students must be proficient.
That compares with earnings of $446 million, or 7 cents per share, on revenue of $6.3 billion in the same period a year ago.	That compares with a profit of $446 million, or seven cents per share, on revenue of $6.32 billion in the same period last year.
President Bush and top administration officials cited the threat from Iraq's banned weapons programs as the main justification for going to war.	President Bush and top officials in his administration cited the threat from Iraq's alleged chemical and biological weapons and nuclear weapons program as the main justification for going to war.
Republican officials said the advertising buy was proof that Democrats are panicking that they were losing their stature on Medicare.	Republican officials said the advertisements were proof that Democrats were panicking about losing their stature on Medicare.
Moore was expected to be discharged from the hospital Thursday or Friday, according to Jackie Green, a spokeswoman for the show's press agent.	The English star was expected to be discharged from the hospital soon, said Jackie Green, a spokeswoman for the show's press agent.
The merged company will keep the Interwoven name and be headquartered in Sunnyvale.	The new company will be named Interwoven and will be headquartered in Sunnyvale.
Apple has also built a new VPN (define) server into Panther Server that supports Mac OS X, Windows or UNIX clients using PPTP and L2TP tunneling protocols.	A new VPN server built into Panther Server supports Mac OS X, Windows or UNIX clients using PPTP and L2TP tunneling protocols.
Bush's aides describe Omaha as the most crucial stop, since Sen. Ben Nelson (D-Neb.) has become their top lobbying target on the tax cut package.	Bush's aides describe Omaha as the most crucial stop, since Senator Ben Nelson, Democrat of Nebraska, has become their top lobbying target on the tax-cut package.
The legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.	The legal ruling follows three days of wild volatility in RIM's stock over speculation that PC giant Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
Hoffa, 62, vanished the afternoon of July 30, 1975, from a parking lot in Oakland County, about 25 miles north of Detroit.	Hoffa, 62, vanished on the afternoon of July 30, 1975, from a parking lot in a Detroit suburb in Oakland County.
The European Commission, the EU's antitrust enforcer, is expected to issue its decision next spring — unless a settlement is reached.	The European Commission is expected to issue its decision in the case next spring — unless a settlement is reached.
Since Perkins' arrival at UConn in 1990 from Maryland, UConn has fielded six national championship teams in three sports - men's and women's basketball and men's soccer.	Since Perkins arrived at UConn in 1990 from Maryland, the Huskies have fielded six national championship teams in three sports -- men's basketball, women's basketball and men's soccer.
"So Sebastian did his best to convincingly confess to a crime that he didn't commit in order to survive," she told jurors.	"Sebastian did his best to confess convincingly to a crime he didn't do in order to survive," Ms. Richardson declared.
Although Prempro pills were used in the study, the researchers said they had no evidence that other brands were safer.	Athough Prempro pills were used in the study, the researchers say they have no evidence that other brands are safer.
Almihdhar and Alhazmi were aboard American Airlines Flight 77, which crashed into the Pentagon.	Both have been identified as some of the hijackers who flew American Airlines Flight 77 into the Pentagon.
Another soldier died and three were wounded when their vehicle hit a land mine or a piece of unexploded ordnance in Baghdad, a military statement said Tuesday.	Also Monday, one soldier died and three were wounded when their vehicle hit a land mine or a piece of unexploded ordnance in Baghdad.
Dennehy's family reported him missing June 19, seven days after he was last seen on campus.	Dennehy’s family reported him missing June 19, about a week after he was last seen on the Baylor campus in Waco.
The WWF also thinks a further 13,000 animals are being caught every year around the Straits of Gibraltar and in nearby areas.	According to WWF, a further 13,000 individuals are estimated to be caught around the Straits of Gibraltar and in neighboring zones.
Malvo, 18, goes on trial Nov. 10 in the death of Franklin.	Malvo goes on trial next month in the death of an FBI analyst.
He had also said an interest rate cut by the European Central Bank, which meets Thursday, would be welcome.	He had also said on the eve of Monday's talks that an interest rate cut by the European Central Bank, which meets on Thursday, would be welcome.
Most of that - $51 billion - was for American troops in Iraq, while another $10 billion was for U.S. forces in Afghanistan.	Most of that – $US51 billion – was for American troops in Iraq, while another $US10 billion was for US forces in Afghanistan.
Two of his cousins members of the Jordanian royal family have been mentioned as possible contenders to the throne.	In addition, two of his cousins - members of the Jordanian royal family - have been mentioned as possible competition for the throne.
He is charged in three bombings in Atlanta including a blast at the 1996 Olympics and one in Alabama.	He is charged in three bombings in Atlanta - including a blast at the 1996 Olympics - along with the bombing in Alabama.
A race observer sits in the passenger seat of the vehicle following the contestant car to record broken rules and track of the car's time.	A race observer sits in the passenger seat of the follow vehicle to record any broken rules and also keep track of the car's time.
The men were remanded in custody and are due to appear again before court on July 8.	They were remanded in custody and will appear in court again on July 8.
The single currency dropped to 136.94 yen compared with its late U.S. level of 137.64.	Against the Japanese currency, the euro was at 136.06 yen compared with the late New York level of 136.03/14.
A second Indonesian, Imam Samudra, the so-called "field commander" of the bombings, was sentenced to death last month.	Imam Samudra, leader of the team that carried out the bombing, was sentenced to death last month.
Bombardier and Embraer will each deliver 85 jets by September 2006, U.S. Airways said in a release.	The Bombardier and Embraer aircraft will be delivered to U.S. Airways by September 2006.
"No matter who becomes the sponsor for stock-car racing's top series, NASCAR will need an all-star event," Wheeler said in a statement.	No matter who becomes the sponsor for stock-car racings top series, NASCAR will need an all-star event, Wheeler said Tuesday.
"Californians understand that we have some real problems in the state and they want common-sense solutions, and recall isnt one of them," Davis adviser Roger Salazar said.	"Californians understand that we have some real problems ... and they want commonsense solutions, and recall isn't one of them," said Davis adviser Roger Salazar.
The news comes after Drax's American owner, AES Corp. AES.N , last week walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its restructuring offer.	Last week its American owners, AES Corp, walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its financial restructuring offer.
Sylvan Shalom, the Israeli Foreign Minister, said there was a possibility that Mr Bush “will come to this area”.	Shalom said there was also a possibility that "the president will come to this area."
Some 26.5 million shares changed hands, more than three times the daily average over 10 days of 6.8 million.	Some 11.8 million shares have changed hands, well above its daily average over 10 days of 6.8 million.
He also said it is too early to know whether a second wave might occur later in the winter.	Dr. Ostroff also said it was still too early to know whether a second wave would occur later in the winter.
Her birthday, 21 April, was declared a public holiday and she attended a reception and a ball.	When his grandmother, then-Princess Elizabeth, turned 21 in 1947, the day was declared a public holiday, and she attended a reception and a ball.
"Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.	But Mr. Crosby told The Associated Press: "Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.
The transition is slated to begin no later than June 7, Dayton said.	A two-week transition period will begin no later than June 7.
The greenback scored beefy gains against the euro, yen and Swiss franc despite weaker-than-expected September U.S. retail sales figures.	The dollar gained against the euro, yen and Swiss franc after September U.S. retail sales figures came in slightly weaker than consensus forecasts.
The Phillies were upset that Counsell had stolen second in the sixth inning with Arizona leading 7-1.	The Phillies were apparently upset when Counsell stole during the sixth with the Diamondbacks up 7-1.
Shares of the company, the second-largest U.S. coal producer behind Peabody Energy Corp. BTU.N , were up more than 3 percent in afternoon trade.	Shares of the company, the second-largest U.S. coal producer behind Peabody Energy Corp. (BTU), were up more than 3 percent at midday.
He said his hatred for such people grew from these discussions and had helped convince him violence was the answer.	His hatred for these people had germinated from these discussions and helped cement his belief that violence was the panacea.
Under the plan being announced Wednesday in Washington, GM will provide Dow manufacturing plants with trucks containing fuel cell conversion equipment.	Under the plan, which GM and Dow were to announce Wednesday in Washington, GM will provide Dow manufacturing plants with trucks containing fuel cell conversion equipment.
The American Film Institute recently named her the top female screen legend.	In 1999 the American Film Institute named Hepburn as the 20th century's greatest screen actress.
That story also named archbishops Harry J. Flynn, of Minneapolis-St. Paul, and Edwin F. O'Brien, of the Military Services, as possible candidates.	They include two sitting archbishops, Harry J. Flynn of Minneapolis-St. Paul and Edwin F. O'Brien of the Military Services, head of all US military chaplains.
But Abraham said changes in air-pollution rules would be up to the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).	Changes in air pollution rules would be up to the Environmental Protection Agency.
Ontario Premier Ernie Eves appointed a judge on Tuesday to hold an independent investigation into how the province has handled SARS.	Ontario Premier Ernie Eves announced yesterday that a former judge would conduct an independent investigation of how the province and city handled SARS.
"There is no need for one deadline for all to create the ASEAN Economic Community," Thaksin said.	Thus, he said, there did not have to one deadline to create the economic community.
"Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," Fraley said.	"Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," said Robert Fraley, Monsanto's executive vice president.
The announcement was made during the recording of a Christmas concert attended by top Vatican cardinals, bishops, and many elite from Italian society, witnesses said.	The broadside came during the recording on Saturday night of a Christmas concert attended by top Vatican cardinals, bishops and many elite of Italian society, witnesses said.
They face charges of robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.	All five suspects were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.
"Kahuku Ranch has world - class qualities - tremendous resources, tremendous beauty and tremendous value to global biodiversity."	"Kahuku Ranch has world-class qualities—tremendous resources, tremendous beauty and tremendous value to global biodiversity," he said.
Southwest said it had already inspected its fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional suspicious items.	Southwest said it completed inspections of its entire fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional items.
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.	The donation of 60,000 tons brings the total of U.S. contributions for the year to 100,000.
His daughter, Nina Axelrod, told The Associated Press that he died in his sleep, apparently of heart failure.	Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod.
Media moguls jostled for position as the deadline for bids for Vivendi Universal's U.S. entertainment empire neared on Monday in an auction of some of Hollywood's best-known assets.	Media giant Vivendi Universal has given itself two weeks to sift through offers for its U.S. entertainment empire in a multi-billion dollar auction of some of Hollywood's best-known assets.
Stewart said she intends to declare her innocence and proceed to trial if she is indicted, her lawyer said in a statement.	Stewart intends to declare her innocence if indicted and proceed to trial, her lawyer said.
"Three Weeks in October" goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the Washington, D.C.-area sniper shootings started.	Moose's book goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the sniper shootings started in the Washington area.
Several police officers were also said to be seriously hurt.	Three other police officers were among five people who were seriously injured.
The 60-year-old millionaire hugged his attorneys, saying: "Thank you so much."	Moments later, he hugged his defense lawyers, softly saying, "Thank you, so much."
This deterioration of security compounds when nearly all computers rely on a single operating system subject to the same vulnerabilities the world over," Geer added.	"The deterioration of security compounds when nearly all computers rely on a single operating system subject to the same vulnerabilities the world over."
Last month, 62 Spanish peacekeepers died when their plane crashed in Turkey as they were returning home.	In another disaster, 62 Spanish peacekeepers were killed May 26 when their plane crashed in Turkey on their way home.
Its legal representatives began meeting with plaintiffs' attorneys last week to discuss a settlement.	Attorneys for both the archdiocese and the plaintiffs began meeting last week to reach the out-of-court settlement.
Quattrone is accused of obstructing justice by helping to encourage co-workers in an e-mail to destroy files on lucrative investment banking deals.	Quattrone is accused of attempting to obstruct justice by endorsing that e-mail, which encouraged co-workers to destroy files on profitable investment banking deals.
Werdegar also said Intel's servers were not harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the e-mails stop, which Hamidi honored.	She also noted that Intel's servers were not harmed and that the thousands of Hamidi e-mail recipients were able to request that the e-mails stop, which Hamidi honored.
If the subsidies are not repealed, the European Union is threatening trade sanctions against the United States.	The European Union is threatening trade sanctions unless the subsidies are repealed.
If the extra equity for the project cannot be found, AustMag directors will have to abandon the project in order to avoid trading while the company is insolvent.	If the extra equity for the project cannot be found, AMC directors will have to abandon it to avoid trading while AMC is insolvent.
Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message.	Microsoft has been awarded a patent on a popular instant-messaging feature that shows users when the person on the other end of the conversation is typing a message.
Leon Williams' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St., in Tompkinsville.	The dead man, Leon Williams, was found in his third-floor apartment.
Prosecutors said the investment was a breach of duty and resulted in the pension fund immediately losing $1 million.	The indictment says the investment was a breach of fiduciary duties and resulted in the state pension fund immediately losing $1 million.
Nonetheless, the economy "has yet to exhibit sustainable growth."	But the economy hasn't shown signs of sustainable growth.
Santa Clara-based Intel had sought the injunction, arguing that Hamidi was trespassing on its computer servers just as though he were intruding on private property.	A lower court had considered Hamidi to be trespassing on the Santa Clara-based chipmaker's servers, just as if somebody were squatting on a piece of physical private property.
Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.	Microsoft will stop developing versions of its Internet Explorer browser software for Macintosh computers, saying that Apple's Safari is now all that Apple needs.
"The only thing that I know for certain is that these are bad people," Bush told a joint news conference with Blair.	But he added: "The only thing I know for certain is that these are bad people."
New cases of SARS might continue to appear, the authors write ominously, "until the stratospheric supply of the causative agent becomes exhausted."	New cases might continue to appear until the stratospheric supply of the causative agent becomes exhausted, they said.
Such a letter indicates the government intends to pursue an indictment and believes it has substantial evidence to support an indictment, the company said.	The Kenilworth-based company said it believes the letter shows that the government plans to pursue a criminal indictment and likely has substantial evidence supporting an indictment.
Furthermore, with the target fed funds rate at 1 percent, "substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted."	"Furthermore, with the target funds rate at 1 per cent, substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted," he said.
The Communicator can also consolidate e-mail from multiple screen names and other POP and IMAP accounts into a single application.	AOL Communicator can consolidate e-mail from multiple AOL screen names, as well as from other POP and IMAP-based e-mail accounts.
It would remove $55 billion in tax subsidies for exporters, which are illegal under international trade law, in exchange for new tax breaks.	In exchange for new tax breaks, it would remove $55 billion of tax subsidies for exporters that are illegal under international trade law.
"This is a cloud hanging over their credibility, their word," said Hagel.	"This is a cloud hanging over their credibility, their word," Hagel said on ABC's "This Week."
He transferred another 10 million shares to a charitable trust and these shares were also liquidated.	A further 10 million shares were transferred to a charitable trust, after which they were also sold.
The player's eyes were bloodshot and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 - well above Tennessee's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10, the report said.	He failed a field sobriety test and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 – well above Tennessee's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10, the report said.
"Although the preconditions for recovery remain in place, the prospect for external demand for UK output is weaker than previously expected."	He continued, "although the preconditions for recovery remain in place," prospects for British exports were "weaker than previously expected."
The outbreak was especially intense in Colorado, where within the past month more than 6,300 people have been infected and at least six have died.	The outbreak was particularly intense in Colorado, where more than 6,300 people have been infected and at least six have died in the past month.
But Virgin wants to operate Concorde on routes to New York, Barbados and Dubai.	Branson said that his preference would be to operate a fully commercial service on routes to New York, Barbados and Dubai.
Taiwan ranked No. 3 in the world behind China and Hong Kong for SARS deaths and cases.	Taiwan ranked No. 3 on the global list for deaths and cases, behind China and Hong Kong.
She noted some fast-food chains, including McDonald's, already display calorie information in their stores or on their Web sites.	She said some fast-food chains already display calorie information about their meals on their Web sites.
His wife, who he married in a first ever space wedding by a space phone during his lengthy mission, waited in Moscow.	His wife Yekaterina Dmitriyeva, whom he married in a first ever space wedding by a space phone during his daunting mission, was waiting for him in Moscow.
The announcement, which economists said was not a surprise, may be bittersweet for the millions of Americans without jobs.	Economists said the announcement was not a surprise, and politicians said it offered little comfort to the millions of Americans without jobs.
Not only had Bashir given his blessing but he had asked "that we hit the target well", Mr Bafana said.	Not only giving his blessing but he asked that we hit the target well."
Farmland Foods President George Richter said, "With Smithfield's support and leadership, Farmland Foods will succeed and continue to sustain the Midwestern communities which depend on it."	With Smithfields leadership, Farmland Foods will succeed and continue to sustain the Midwestern communities which depend on it.
The panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for the duties within 60 days.	It called on the Commerce Department to respond within 60 days.
Kenneth "Supreme" McGriff was sentenced to 37 months in prison for illegally possessing a handgun as a convicted felon at a firing range in Maryland.	Kenneth "Supreme" McGriff was sentenced to 37 months by U.S. District Judge J. Frederick Motz for illegally possessing a handgun as a convicted felon at a Maryland firing range.
The new Army Commander is the Masaka Armoured Brigade commanding officer, Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima who is now promoted to major general.	PRESIDENT Yoweri Museveni has promoted Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima to Major General and named him Army Commander.
In morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Coca-Cola shares were down 34 cents at $43.67.	Coca-Cola's shares were steady in late morning trading in New York, down just 13 cents to $43.88.
The study found that only about one-third of parents of sexually experienced 14-year-olds knew their children were having sex.	Only about one-third of parents of sexually experienced 14-year-olds know that their child has had sex," the report says.
Mr. Bush said he was taking the action in response to Hamas's claim of responsibility for the bus bombing in Israel on Tuesday that killed 20 people.	Bush said in a statement that he ordered the U.S. Treasury Department to act following Tuesday's suicide bombing attack in Jerusalem, which killed 20 people.
Had the creditors turned down the bailout plan, LG Group might have been forced to close down its credit card business.	If the creditors turn down the bailout plan, LG Group may have to closedown its card business.
On Monday, the Dow declined 5.25, or 0.1 percent, at 8,983.80, having shed 2.3 percent last week.	In early trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 39.94, or 0.4 percent, at 8,945.50, having slipped 3.61 points Monday.
He found that men who had ejaculated more than five times a week in their 20s were a third less likely to develop aggressive prostate cancer later in life.	Those who ejaculated more than five times a week were a third less likely to develop serious prostate cancer in later life.
"I know of no pressure," said Mr. Feith, the under secretary of defense for policy.	"I know of nobody who pressured anybody," Douglas Feith, undersecretary of defense for policy, said at a Pentagon briefing.
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats to our future -- terrorism -- this Bush administration chose to settle old scores," he said.	"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists," Graham said, "this Bush administration chose to settle old scores."
Paul Durousseau, 30, was charged Tuesday with murder in five slayings between December and February, and also is suspected of a 1997 killing in the state of Georgia.	Paul Durousseau, 32, was charged Tuesday with murder in five Jacksonville slayings between December and February, and in a 1997 Georgia killing.
The number of hostnames using BSD is nearing four million, while the number of active sites is nearly two million, Netcraft said.	The number of host names using BSD is nearing 4 million, whereas the number of active sites is nearly 2 million, Netcraft said.
The latest arrests come as police continue to question a suspected "potential suicide bomber" detained in the south western town of Gloucester last Thursday.	The move came as police continued to question a suspected potential suicide bomber arrested in the southwestern town of Gloucester last Thursday.
Dealers said the dollar also drew some downside support as Japanese investors are expected to keep snapping up foreign bonds amid the yen's rise against the dollar.	Dealers said the dollar also drew some downside support as Japanese investors are expected to keep snapping up foreign bonds amid ever-falling domestic interest rates.
Dotson admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head "because Patrick had tried to shoot him," according to an arrest warrant released Tuesday.	According to an arrest warrant released Tuesday, Dotson admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head "because Patrick had tried to shoot him."
The Nasdaq composite index rose 13.70, or 0.8 per cent, to 1700.34.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 13.73 points, or 0.81 percent, to finish at 1,700.34.
The proposal likely would result in the election of 22 Republicans and 10 Democrats to Congress, instead of the state's current 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans, officials say.	The plan would likely result in the election of 22 Republicans and 10 Democrats from Texas, versus the current 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans, officials say.
"After careful analysis, WHO has concluded that the risk to travelers to Beijing is now minimal," Omi said today at a news conference in Beijing.	"After careful analysis, WHO has concluded that the risk to travellers to Beijing is now minimal," Omi told a news conference in Beijing on Tuesday.
If requested by outside authorities, however, the FCC will provide data from system audit logs to support external investigations of improper Internet use.	However, the agency said it will provide data from system audit logs to support external investigations of improper Internet use if requested by outside authorities.
A call to Rev. Christopher Coyne, the spokesman for the archdiocese, was not immediately returned.	The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, wouldn't comment Friday.
"This fire is going to have a great potential to get into those areas," Oltrogge said.	"The fire is going to have great potential to get in there tomorrow," he said.
Freddie Mac shares were down more than 16 per cent at $50.18 at midday yesterday.	Freddie Mac shares were off $7.87, or 13.2 percent, at $52 in midday trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
Her father, Florin Cioaba, the king of Transylvania's Gypsies, had her brought back and she was married against her will.	Her father, Roma King Florin Cioaba, had her brought back and she was promptly married against her will.
Citigroup Inc. C.N , the world's largest financial services company, on Wednesday promoted Marjorie Magner to chairman and chief executive of its global consumer group.	Citigroup (C) on Wednesday named Marjorie Magner chairman and chief executive of its colossal global consumer business.
"Germany is on the right path," Mr. Schrder said, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.	"Germany is on the right path," he added, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and tax cuts.
However, the Nasdaq composite index managed to eke out a gain of 4.64 points at 1,735.34.	The Nasdaq composite held on to the slimmest of gains, up 4.64 at 1,735.34.
Mr. Carter, who won the Nobel Peace Prize last year, met here today with Japan's prime minister, Junichiro Koizumi.	Carter, who received the Nobel Peace Prize last year, met in Tokyo yesterday with Japan's prime minister, Junichiro Koizumi.
The two filed a lawsuit in 1998, alleging IBM's staff doctors never warned them that their symptoms could reflect chemical poisoning.	The two filed a suit in 1998 and allege they were never warned by IBM's staff doctors that their symptoms could reflect chemical poisoning.
As of Wednesday, there were 65 probable SARS cases in the Toronto region.	As of Monday, there were 66 probable cases in and around Toronto, a city of 4 million people.
The government said FirstEnergy Nuclear determined that a contractor had established an unprotected high-speed computer connection to its corporate network that allowed the "Slammer" infection to spread internally.	It said FirstEnergy determined that a contractor had established an unprotected computer connection to its corporate network that allowed the so-called ``Slammer'' worm to spread internally.
There are only 2,000 Roman Catholics living in Banja Luka now.	There are just a handful of Catholics left in Banja Luka.
One witness told Anatolian he saw the plane on fire while it was still in the air.	One witness told the Anatolian news agency he saw the plane on fire in mid-air.
It takes 100 of the 150 House members to conduct business.	The Texas house requires 100 of its 150 members to present in order to conduct business.
"They've been in the stores for over six weeks," says Carney.	The quarterlies usually stay in stores for between six to eight weeks," Carney added.
OS ANGELES, Oct. 24 Will Walt Disney Concert Hall, the new home of the Los Angeles Philharmonic, bring urban vitality to the city's uninviting downtown area?	OS ANGELES Walt Disney Concert Hall, the new home of the Los Angeles Philharmonic, is a French curve in a city of T squares.
Let me just say this: the evidence that we have of weapons of mass destruction was evidence drawn up and accepted by the joint intelligence community.	"The evidence that we had of weapons of mass destruction was drawn up and accepted by the Joint Intelligence Committee," he said.
The American Chamber of Commerce and InvestHK, which oversees investment into the territory, are talking to other bands to ask them to step in.	The American Chamber of Commerce and InvestHK, which oversees investment into the territory, is talking to other bands to replace the Stones.
We are currently trying to understand the scope and details of the investigation. . . .	Weber said late Thursday that the company is still trying to understand the scope and details of the investigation.
"Frank Quattrone is innocent," Keker said in a statement.	Quattrone lawyer John W. Keker said his client is innocent.
The stalemate, over less than 1 percent of the budget, is more about politics than policy.	The stalemate involved less than 1 percent of the budget and had little to do with policy but everything to do with politics.
Abbas told the summit he would end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.	At Wednesday's summit, Abbas pledged to end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.
Mr. Rollins made $721,154 in salary and $243,389 in bonuses in the prior fiscal year.	Kevin Rollins, Dell's president, received $770,962 in salary and a bonus of just more than $2 million in fiscal 2003.
The single currency rose as far as 135.13 yen , matching a record high hit shortly after the euro's launch in January 1999.	The single currency rose as far as 135.26 yen , its highest level since the introduction of the single currency in January 1999.
Ridge said no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.	Ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise.
"The momentum in the marketplace continues to shift in our direction," he said of his company, formerly named Caldera Systems.	"The momentum in the marketplace continues to shift in SCO's direction," said Darl McBride, SCO's president and CEO.
Thus far, Stewart's company appears ready to stand behind her.	For now, the company's management appears to be standing behind Stewart.
That means Democrats can block any Supreme Court nominee through a filibuster if they can get 40 of their members to agree.	But Democrats can block any potential nominee through a filibuster if they can get 41 votes.
Microsoft has proposed a work-around that consumers and enterprises should implement until a new patch is released.	In lieu of a direct patch, Microsoft has proposed a workaround that consumers can implement until a new patch is released.
Take-Two also defended its right to create a "realistic" game for an adult audience.	The company also defended its right to "create a video game experience with a certain degree of realism."
The suspects are expected to turn themselves in to Pennsylvania authorities within the next few days.	The boys are expected to surrender voluntarily to Pennsylvania authorities within the next several days, Zimmer said.
Ms Pike also said it was not unusual for hospitals to go into deficit, but the Government would ensure they remained viable.	But Ms Pike said it was not unusual for hospitals to go into deficit and promised services would not be curtailed.
MAX Factor cosmetics heir and fugitive rapist Andrew Luster was captured today in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, authorities in the United States said.	Max Factor cosmetics heir and fugitive rapist Andrew Luster was captured Wednesday in a nightclub at the beach resort of Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, authorities said.
There's also a flaw that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box.	The second vulnerability is a result of IE not implementing a block on a file download dialog box.
Another $100-million in savings will come from management layoffs and pay cuts.	The airline expects to save another $100-million a year through management layoffs and pay cuts.
Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Sen. John Warner, R-Va., is also considering a look into the issue.	Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John Warner, R-Va., said he plans hearings.
Stanford (46-15) takes on South Carolina today at 11 a.m. in the first game of the College World Series.	Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) on Friday in the opening game of the double-elimination tournament.
Rep. Louise Slaughter, D-N.Y., declared, "The Congress of the United States has never -- ever -- outlawed a medical procedure.	"The Congress of the United States has never — ever — outlawed a medical procedure," said Rep. Louise McIntosh Slaughter (D-N.Y.).
Aspen Technology's shares dropped 74 cents, or 23 percent, to close at $2.48 on the Nasdaq.	In afternoon trading, Aspen's shares were off 89 cents or more than 27 percent at $2.33 per share.
He called on Prime Minister John Howard to establish a royal commission on child sex abuse.	The Senate motion also called on Prime Minister John Howard to hold a royal commission into child sex abuse.
Against the Canadian dollar, the greenback was trading nearly flat at C$1.3252 <CAD=> after the Bank of Canada kept key interest rates unchanged.	Against the Canadian dollar, the greenback rose 0.15 percent to $1.3260 <CAD=> as the Bank of Canada kept key interest rates unchanged.
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices may have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals mitigated the effect.	AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices might have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals made up for it.
Nick Markakis, a left-hander from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia, went to the Orioles with the seventh pick.	Next, Baltimore took Nick Markakis, a left-handed pitcher and outfielder from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia.
He was the Ace of Diamonds in a pack of cards depicting Iraqi fugitives that has been issued to U.S. troops.	He was the ace of diamonds in a U.S. deck of cards showing pictures of most-wanted Iraqi leaders.
But the yen's gains were capped by wariness about Japanese intervention, with some traders reporting irregular bids that smack of intervention around 118 yen.	But the yen's gains were capped by wariness about Japanese intervention, with some traders reporting irregular bids around 118 yen that could be from the Bank of Japan.
Werdegar also said Intel's servers weren't harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the E-mails stop, which Hamidi honored.	She also noted that Intel's servers were not harmed and that the thousands of Hamidi e-mail recipients were able to request that the e-mails stop, which Hamidi honored.
Ms. Strayhorn said she has hired a constitutional scholar to assist her staff.	Strayhorn has brought in a constitutional scholar to advise her on the reallocation.
Many conservatives have staunchly opposed condom programs, saying they send the wrong message and encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage.	Some conservative groups have staunchly opposed such programs, saying they send the wrong message and in effect encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage.
Terri Schiavo, 39, underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years, said her father, Bob Schindler.	The tube was removed Wednesday from Terri Schiavo, 39, at the Tampa Bay-area hospice where she has lived for several years.
Police said they will conduct DNA tests to confirm the man's identity.	DNA tests will be performed to confirm his identity.
Penn Traffic filed for Chapter 11 reorganization at the end of May.	Penn Traffic entered chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization May 30.
The jury verdict, reached Wednesday after less than four hours of deliberation, followed a 2 1/2 week trial, during which Waagner represented himself.	The quick conviction followed a 2 1/2 week trial, during which the Venango County man represented himself.
Investigations by the Air Force inspector general and the Defense Department also are under way.	The Air Force inspector general and the Pentagon also are investigating.
Earlier Thursday, PeopleSoft formally rejected the unsolicited bid from Oracle.	Thursday morning, PeopleSoft's board rejected the Oracle takeover offer.
Medicaid is the federal and state government health insurance program for the poor.	Medicaid, which receives federal and state funding, is the government health-insurance program for the poor.
The 19 face charges including racketeering, conspiracy, organized fraud, grand theft and illegal drug sales, all felonies carrying penalties of five to 30 years in prison.	The suspects were charged with racketeering, conspiracy, organized fraud, grand theft and illegal drug sales, all felonies carrying penalties of five to 30 years in prison.
Searches for survivors from several previous shipwrecks have often had to be abandoned for similar reasons, leaving the vessels and most of their passengers unaccounted for.	In several previous shipwrecks, the search for survivors had to be abandoned for similar reasons, leaving the vessels and most of their passengers unaccounted for.
The weapon turned out to be a Halloween toy.	It turned out that the "weapon" was part of a Halloween costume.
UAL attorney James Sprayregen told a court hearing yesterday that it would submit a fresh business plan, but gave no indication of when.	UAL bankruptcy attorney James Sprayregen said at a court hearing the company will submit an updated business plan to the Air Transportation Stabilization Board, but gave no timeframe.
There were estimated to be between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqis employed by state-owned enterprises, but most of the businesses were non- operative, he said.	There are estimated to be between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqis employed by state-owned enterprises in Iraq, but most of the businesses are currently inoperative, he said.
Attackers detonated a second roadside bomb later Sunday as a U.S. convoy was traveling near Fallujah, killing an American soldier and wounding three others.	Attackers detonated a second roadside bomb later yesterday as a U.S. convoy was travelling near Falluja, just west of Baghdad, killing an U.S. soldier and wounding three others.
Southwest said it recently exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year.	Boeing said yesterday that Southwest exercised options to purchase 15 737s for delivery next year.
My judgment is 95 percent of that information could be declassified, become uncensored so the American people would know," Mr. Shelby said on NBC's "Meet the Press."	"My judgement is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know."
Following the ATP's notification by Hewitt's lawyers of pending action, it issued another statement that Hewitt has added to his suit.	Following ATP's notification by Hewitt's lawyers that action was pending, it issued another statement in April which Hewitt has added to his suit.
Dotson, 21, admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head "because Patrick had tried to shoot him," according to an arrest warrant released yesterday.	According to an arrest warrant released Tuesday, Dotson admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head "because Patrick had tried to shoot him."
If this escalation continues as Rowling concludes the saga, there may be an epidemic of Hogwarts headaches in the years to come, he wrote.	"If this escalation continues as Rowling concludes the saga, there may be an epidemic of Hogwarts headaches for years to come."
The program, which downloads the pornographic material to the usurped computer only briefly to allow visitors to view it, is invisible to the computer's owner.	The program, which only briefly downloads the pornographic material to the usurped computer, is invisible to the computer's owner.
Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail.	Toll last week offered to buy the company for NZ75c a share, or $NZ158 million.
The specific product that is the subject of the petition, 6000 series aluminium alloy rolled plate, is used for general-purpose engineering, tooling and die applications.	At the center of the petition is a 6000 series aluminum alloy rolled plate that is used for general-purpose engineering, tooling and die applications.
"We will keep fighting within the law...against this terrorist group and those who support it."	We will keep fighting, within the law, against the terrorist band."
Only one third of high-speed trains within France were running, national rail company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer said.	One third of high-speed trains within France will run, national railway company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer estimates.
Instead of remains, the Ragusas will bury a vial of Michael's blood, which he had donated to a bone marrow center.	Instead of Ragusa's remains, his family will bury a vial of blood he had donated to a bone marrow center.
Two of the six people who testified before Congress Wednesday were engaged in a bitter dispute about airing Yankees games.	Two of the six people that testified to Congress today were engaged in a bitter dispute over airing Yankees games.
Tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes.	Tampering with medicine apparently was so lucrative, investigators said, that many of the suspects lived in million-dollar homes.
The new link between Mohammed and Pearl was first reported in Tuesday's editions of The Wall Street Journal.	The US acknowledgment that it suspects that Mohammed killed Pearl was first reported in yesterday's editions of the Journal.
The decades-long conflict has killed more than 10,000 people in the resource-rich province, most of them civilians.	More than 10,000 people, most of them civilians, have been killed in three decades of insurgency.
In Somalia, only 26% of adolescent females (aged 10-19) have heard of Aids and just 1% know how to protect themselves.	In Somalia, the report says, only 26 percent of adolescent girls have heard of AIDS and only 1 percent know how to protect themselves.
"Of course the FBI agent who ran him down received nothing," Mr. Connolly said.	And, of course, the FBI agent who ran him down received nothing - no ticket, no violation."
Police said three of them had also been detained last week and held for two days as suspects over bomb attacks in Jakarta and the North Sumatran city of Medan.	Police said three of them had also been detained last week and held for two days as suspects over recent bomb attacks.
He said they should "not really be patrolling or be around those areas when they ... are conducting their prayers."	He said they should "not really be patrolling or be around those areas when they are in their time of when they're conducting their prayers."
The search feature works with around 120,000 titles from 190 publishers, which translates into some 33 million pages of searchable text.	The feature, which has the approval of book publishers, puts some 33 million pages of searchable text at the disposal of Amazon.com shoppers.
The dollar rose 0.6 percent to 109.54 yen<JPY=> and climbed more than 1 percent to 1.3315 Swiss francs<CHF=>.	The dollar rose around 0.6 percent against the Japanese currency to 109.51 yen <JPY=> and climbed 1 percent against the Swiss franc to 1.3302 francs <CHF=>.
Every day more American soldiers die.	We're losing one or two American soldiers every day.
Drinking more coffee may reduce the risk of developing the most common form of diabetes, a study has found.	Drinking caffeinated coffee, you see, may significantly reduce your risk of type 2 diabetes, the most common form of the disease.
A car and a house were hit in the latest shootings, said Chief Deputy Steve Martin of the Franklin County sheriff's office.	A car and a house were hit in the new shootings, the chief deputy sheriff of Franklin County, Steve Martin, said.
In a letter sent to The Times and read to the Associated Press after his resignation, Blair blamed "personal issues" and apologized for his "lapse of journalistic integrity."	In a letter sent to The New York Times after his resignation, Mr Blair blamed "personal issues" and apologised for his "lapse of journalistic integrity".
"September and third quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly," said George Scalise, president of the SIA.	"September and third-quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly," George Scalise, the SIA's president, said in the statement.
No pill is ever expected to replace earplugs and other mechanical ear protection.	Nobody is saying such a pill could replace earplugs and other mechanical ear protection.
Wal-Mart, the nation's largest private employer, has expanded its antidiscrimination policy to protect gay and lesbian employees, company officials said Tuesday.	Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the nation's largest private employer, will now include gays and lesbians in its anti-discrimination policy, company officials said Wednesday.
He will be paid $395,000 per year, up from Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.	Dynes will be paid $395,000 a year; Atkinson's salary is $361,400.
He admits he occasionally lived the life of a playboy: smoking pot, chasing women and living fast and loose.	Schwarzenegger has admitted to occasionally living the life of a playboy: smoking pot, chasing women and living fast and loose.
The case puts the Supreme Court back into the debate over the separation of church and state.	The case marks the court's second major separation of church and state case in two years.
In 2001, the number of death row inmates nationally fell for the first time in a generation.	In 2001, the number of people on death row dropped for the first time in a decade.
Metro, bus and local rail services in France's four largest towns -- Paris, Lyon, Lille and Marseille -- were severely disrupted, Europe 1 radio reported.	Subway, bus and suburban rail services in France's four largest cities -- Paris, Lyon, Lille and Marseille -- were severely disrupted, transport authorities said.
The contract also includes a $200,000 buyout.	Perkins also had a $200,000 buyout clause in his contract.
Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.	Prosecutors maintained that Durst murdered Black to try to assume Black's identity.
"The lives of American warfighters can be placed at direct risk through illegal transfer of military components," said Defense Department Inspector General Joseph Schmitz.	"The lives of American war-fighters can be placed at direct risk through illegal transfer of military components," Joseph Schmitz, Defence Department inspector general, said.
In the undergraduate case, Rehnquist said the use of race was not "narrowly tailored" to achieve the university's asserted interest in diversity.	Rehnquist wrote that the system was not narrowly tailored to achieve the interest in educational diversity.
Thirty-eight percent of patients surveyed in five urban clinics believed the myth that cancer spreads when exposed to air during surgery, according to a poll to be published Tuesday.	Thirty-eight percent of cancer patients in five urban clinics believed the myth that the disease spreads when exposed to air during surgery, according to a survey.
For the first quarter, HP pulled in $2.94 billion and captured 27.9 percent of the market.	H-P came in second with nearly $3.32 billion in sales and 26 percent of the market's revenue.
Still, Mauresmo has the confidence of having beaten Serena for the first time and also is buoyed by Venus Williams' upset loss Sunday to Vera Zvonareva.	She has the confidence of having beaten her for the first time and she is buoyed by Venus Williams' upset loss of two days ago.
The latest attack came just two days after three suicide bombers drove a truck loaded with explosives into a government office complex in northern Chechnya, killing 59 people.	The attacks came two days after suicide bombers detonated a truck bomb in a Government compound in northern Chechnya, killing 59.
The legislation opens the way for police and other personnel to be deployed to the Solomons and to carry out law enforcement functions.	"Once the legislation enters into force, it opens the way for police and other personnel to be deployed to Solomon Islands and to carry out law-enforcement functions.
The FBI is trying to determine when White House officials and members of the vice president's staff first focused on Wilson and learned about his wife's employment at the CIA.	The FBI is trying to determine when White House officials and members of the vice president’s staff first focused on Wilson and learned about his wife’s employment at the agency.
Mr Neil said that according to the source, the report will say its inspectors have not even unearthed "minute amounts of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons material".	According to the BBC, the group's interim report will say its inspectors have not even unearthed "minute amounts of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons material".
Randall Simon singled to right for the second run.	Randall Simon followed with an RBI single to right.
No legislative action is final without concurrence of the House, and it appeared the measure faced a tougher road there.	No legislative action is final without concurrence of the House, and few were predicting what fate the bill would meet there.
This is a case about a woman who for 20 years dedicated her life to this country," said Janet Levine.	"This case is about a woman who for over 20 years dedicated herself to this country," Levine said.
"In Iraq," Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., chairman of the intelligence committee, said on CNN's "Late Edition" Sunday, "we're now fighting an anti-guerrilla ... effort."	"In Iraq," Sen. Pat Roberts (R-Kan.), chairman of the intelligence committee, said on CNN's "Late Edition" yesterday, "we're now fighting an anti-guerrilla . . . effort."
The yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury note rose as high as 4.66 percent Aug. 14 from 3.07 percent in June.	The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 4.46% from 4.42% late Thursday.
A landslide in central Chungchong province derailed a Seoul-bound train and 28 passengers were injured, television said.	In central Chungchong province, a landslide caused a Seoul-bound Saemaeul Express train to derail, injuring 28 people, local television said.
A Trillian representative did not return an e-mail requesting comment.	The representative did not return calls seeking additional comment.
State health officials have reported 18 suspected cases in Wisconsin, 10 in Indiana and five in Illinois.	As of yesterday afternoon, 22 suspected cases had been reported in Wisconsin, 10 in Indiana and five in Illinois.
No charges have been filed in the deaths of the other victims; Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case.	No charges have been filed in those deaths, but prosecutor David Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case.
The head of the panel -- Tillie Fowler, a former US representative from Florida -- told present and past commanders that cadets don't trust them.	The head of the panel, former Rep. Tillie Fowler of Florida, told present and past commanders that cadets don't trust them.
"It's unfortunate that Senator Clinton would seek to politicize such a qualified nominee as Governor Leavitt," said Taylor Gross, a White House spokesman.	"It is unfortunate that Senator Clinton would seek to politicize such a qualified nominee as Governor Leavitt.
The girl turned up two days later at a convenience store several cities away, shaken but safe, and helped lead police to her alleged abductor.	The arrest came hours after the girl turned up at a convenience store several cities away and helped lead police to her alleged abductor.
Ride, astronauts Story Musgrave, Robert "Hoot" Gibson and Daniel Brandenstein will enter the hall of fame together.	Ride will be enshrined along with astronauts Story Musgrave, Robert "Hoot" Gibson and Daniel Brandenstein.
But that amount would probably be impossible to pass in the Senate, where Republican moderates have refused to go above $350 billion.	Such an amount would probably be unable to summon a majority of the Senate, where Republican moderates have refused to go above $350 billion.
They varied greatly, ranging from one per cent or two per cent to 36 per cent for a speciality US brand called American Spirit.	The results ranged from 1 per cent or 2 per cent to 36 per cent for a speciality brand called American Spirit.
The board is investigating whether a shortage of funds in the shuttle program compromised safety.	The board is investigating whether this compromised safety on the shuttle.
The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world.	Taiwan reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one-day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making its epidemic the world's fastest-growing.
British-born astronaut Michael Foale is about to fly into space to take up his post as commander of the International Space Station.	British-born astronaut Michael Foale is on his way to take command of the international space station.
In the clash with police, Lt. Mothana Ali said about 1,000 demonstrators had gone to the station demanding jobs.	In Baghdad, police Lieut. Mothana Ali said about 1,000 demonstrators arrived at the station demanding jobs.
Clark said the program would cost about $100 million a year and would be part of the Department of Homeland Security.	Clark, one of nine Democrats seeking the nomination, said the program would cost about $100 million a year and would be within the Department of Homeland Security.
Ximian brings Novell unparalleled expertise, strengthening our ability to work with [our] customers and leverage open source initiatives more constructively."	"Ximian brings Novell unparalleled Linux expertise . . . [and strengthens] our ability to work with and leverage open source initiatives more constructively."
Video replays suggested the ball had hit the ground before making contact with Sangakkara's foot.	Television replays, though, showed the ball had touched the ground before Sangakkara's boot (262 for 4).
The GPO previously closed bookstores in San Francisco, Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago, Birmingham, Cleveland, and Columbus.	Since 2001, the agency has closed bookstores in San Francisco, Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago, Birmingham, Ala., Cleveland, Columbus, Ohio, and Washington.
Peterson is charged with two counts of murder in the deaths of his wife and unborn son.	Peterson, 30, is awaiting trial on two counts of murder for the deaths of his wife, Laci, and their unborn son.
PeopleSoft's board now has 10 business days to evaluate the Oracle offer and make a recommendation to its shareholders.	Nevertheless, PeopleSoft must review Oracle's tender offer and make a recommendation to shareholders.
They named the man charged as Noureddinne Mouleff, a 36-year-old of North African origin who was arrested in the southern coastal town of Eastbourne last week.	Last week, Nur al-Din Muliff, a 36-year-old of North African origin, was arrested in the southern coastal town of Eastbourne.
"I am unaware of any genuine entries concerning British servicemen in the police records," said a spokesman for the British High Commission in Nairobi yesterday.	"I am therefore unaware of any genuine entries concerning rapes by British servicemen in police records," the spokesman said.
Amrozi said Jews and the US and its allies had evil plans to colonise countries like Indonesia.	Jews, Americans and their allies had "evil" plans to colonise nations like Indonesia, Amrozi said.
It is so far out in international water that the finder Odyssey Marine Exploration, of Tampa, Fla., does not have to share the wealth with any governments.	And because it is so far out in international water, salvage company Odyssey Marine Exploration doesn't have to share the wealth with coastal state governments.
An unclear number of people were killed and more injured.	Four people were killed and 50 injured in the attacks.
Law enforcement sources who spoke on condition of anonymity confirmed to The Associated Press that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County, Fla., state attorney's office.	Law enforcement officials confirmed that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County, Fla., state attorney's office.
"Of course, I want to win again, but I think it's worse when you have never won because you get anxious.	"Of course I want to win again, but I think is worse when you never won before because you are very anxious," he says.
CS's other main division, Financial Services, made a 666 million franc net profit, six percent below the prior quarter.	CS Financial Services made a 666 million franc net profit, six percent less than in the fourth quarter of last year.
The answer, the group said, would be to "create a format that can be used by all devices but can accommodate other formats."	The DHWG says it will instead create a format that can be used by all devices but can accommodate other formats.
Committee approval, expected today, would set the stage for debate on the Senate floor beginning Monday.	That would clear the way for debate in the full Senate beginning on Monday.
Recall proponents claim to have turned in more than 1.6 million signatures.	Recall sponsors say they have submitted 1.6 million signatures.
Kelly said Mr Rumsfeld last month made the unsolicited suggestion that this year's honour should go to all men and women who wear the US uniform.	Kelly said Rumsfeld, in a November interview, made the unsolicited suggestion that this year's honor go to all men and women who wear the U.S. uniform.
Carlton Dotson, a teammate who lives in Hurlock, Md., said he talked to police Friday but was instructed not to talk about the case.	Carlton Dotson, who was on the team last season and lives in Hurlock, Md., said he was told not to talk about the case.
However, disability declined by more than 10 percent for those 60 to 69, the study said.	Meanwhile, for people aged 60 to 69, disability declined by more than 10 percent.
"Admiral Black has provided spiritual guidance to thousands of service men and women during his 25 years of service," Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist said yesterday .	"Admiral Black has provided spiritual guidance to thousands of servicemen and women during his 25 years of service," Frist said.
On Monday, Christian Ganczarski was apprehended at the airport and was to appear before an anti-terrorism judge soon, the officials said.	On Monday, Christian Ganczarski was apprehended at the airport and was to appear before an anti-terrorism judge in the coming days, the officials said on condition of anonymity.
United already has paid the city $34 million in penalties for missing the first round of employment targets.	United has paid $34 million in penalties for failing to meet employment targets.
Wild rock legend Ozzy Osbourne was in intensive care today as he continued his “steady” recovery from a quad bike accident.	Wild rock legend Ozzy Osbourne could be kept in intensive care for “several days” following his quad bike accident, his doctor said tonight.
Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research expected earnings of 13 cents a share on revenue of $6.7 billion, on average.	Analysts currently expect earnings of 13 cents a share and revenue of $6.7 billion, on average, according to a survey by Reuters Research.
O'Brien was charged with leaving the scene of a fatal accident, a felony.	Bishop Thomas O'Brien, 67, was booked on a charge of leaving the scene of a fatal accident.
Colorado Attorney-General Ken Salazar later said his office has also filed suit against Invesco, charging it with violations of the state's consumer protection act.	Colorado Attorney General Ken Salazar also filed a lawsuit Tuesday against Invesco, accusing it of violating the state's Consumer Protection Act.
Preventing stronger gains, News Corp <NCP.AX> fell 1.3 percent to A$12.43 and Brambles <BIL.AX> dropped 1.9 percent to A$4.75 after a weak performance overnight.	Holding the market back, News Corp <NCP.AX> fell two percent to A$12.34 and Brambles <BIL.AX> dropped 2.3 percent to A$4.73 after a weak performance overnight.
All five were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.	The teens are being held on charges of robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer, sources said.
Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country.	Long lines formed Sunday outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines as Israelis braced for the strike's effects.
But he confessed: "There's total fear to start with because you are completely at the mercy of the winds."	But he said there was a "total fear to start with because you are completely at the mercy of the winds".
Siebel, whose fortunes soared with the tech boom, has cut nearly one-third of its workforce since the end of 2001.	With the purge, Siebel will have cut 2,400 employees - or nearly one-third of its workforce - since the end of 2001.
Microsoft this week released a critical update to fix a bug with its newly released Office 2003 suite.	Microsoft has released a critical update for its newly released office suite, Office 2003.
About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional.	The remaining 1,557 genes are believed to be all functional.
About 22% of twentysomethings are obese, which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight.	About 31 percent of Americans are now obese — roughly 30 or more pounds over a healthy weight.
"There is always a danger of casualties in something like this.	Howard said there was always a risk of casualties.
"She was crying and scared,' said Isa Yasin, the owner of the store.	"She was crying and she was really scared," said Yasin.
The same flood that blocked the airport road also swamped a Federal Express depot.	The water blocking the airport road swamped several buildings, including a Federal Express depot.
He wants to kill him, but then I suppose I'd be that angry too if somebody tried to kill my old man," he said.	"He's wild, he wants to kill him, but then I suppose I'd be that angry too if somebody tried to kill my old man."
All of those governments have said their support will not waver, though public sentiment is rising against it.	The governments of those countries have said that despite rising public opposition, their support will not waver.
All along, we were basing our decisions on the best information that we had at the time," she said.	She insisted that throughout the mission, managers "were basing our decisions on the best information that we had at the time."
Quattrone lawyer John W. Keker said his client is innocent.	In a statement Monday, his lawyer John Keker said ``Frank Quattrone is innocent.
He said Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips without much competition.	"Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling...against little or no competition," Hubach said in the statement.
It passed only after Republicans won the support of two wavering senators, Democrat Ben Nelson of Nebraska and Republican George Voinovich of Ohio.	It passed only after Republicans won the support of Voinovich and another wavering senator, Nelson of Nebraska.
The jump in tobacco shares was led by New York-based Altria, whose shares rose almost 10 percent to $38.28.	Shares of the cigarette makers jumped on the news, led by New York-based Altria, whose shares rose almost 10 percent to $38.30.
Veritas will offer its File System, Volume Manager and Cluster Server software products on SUSE Enterprise Server in the first quarter next year.	Already in beta, Veritas' File System, Volume Manager and Cluster Server products for SuSE Enterprise Linux Server should drop into the hands of customers in early 2004.
Microsoft has released separate patches for client and administrative versions of Office 2003.	Separate downloadable patches are available for the client and administrative versions of Office.
The Nasdaq Composite increased by 40.09 points, or 2.5 per cent, to 1666.58.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 5.64 points, or 0.34 percent, at 1,672.22.
Three Southern politicians who risked their political careers by fighting against bigotry and intolerance were honored Monday with John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Awards for 2003.	Three Southern politicians who ``stood up to ancient hatreds'' were honored Monday with Profile in Courage Awards from the John F. Kennedy Library and Museum.
It also said it expects a civil complaint by the Securities and Exchange Commission.	Stewart also faces a separate investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
A top aide to state Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver was charged Wednesday with raping an unidentified, 22-year-old female state Assembly employee.	A top aide to Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver was arrested yesterday for allegedly raping a 22-year-old legislative staffer after a night on the town.
Officials say Peeler and Jones were never legally married but had a common-law marriage.	According to the GBI, Ms. Peeler and Mr. Jones were never legally married but had a common-law marriage.
"We have found the smoking gun," investigating board member Scott Hubbard said.	"We have found the smoking gun," said Hubbard, director of NASA's Ames Research Center in California.
The cards are issued by Mexico's consulates to its citizens living abroad and show the date of birth, a current photograph and the address of the card holder.	The card is issued by Mexico's consulates to its citizens living abroad and shows the date of birth, a current photograph and the address of the cardholder.
The final chapter in the trilogy, The Matrix Revolutions, is out in November.	The third and final film, "The Matrix Revolutions," will be released in November.
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres.	The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the resurgent Aspen fire.
Their election increases the board from seven people to nine.	Their appointments increase Berkshire's board to nine from seven members.
Significantly, it made no mention of the role of terrorist organisation Jemah Islamiyah, accused of being behind the attacks.	The address made no mention of the role of terrorist organisation Jemaah Islamiyah, which was behind the attacks.
The MDC said a supporter, Tichaona Kaguru, died in hospital on Wednesday after being tortured and assaulted by soldiers putting down the protests.	The MDC said that an opposition supporter, Tichaona Kaguru, died in hospital after being tortured and assaulted by the soldiers putting down the anti-Mugabe protests.
That leaves about three dozen at risk of aid cutoffs, said State Department spokesman Richard Boucher, who did not identify them.	That leaves about three dozen at risk of aid cutoffs, Boucher said without identifying them.
"Prospects for the whole Canadian aerospace industry are improving with recent developments contributing to the enhancement of the aircraft financing capability in this country," Mr. Tellier said.	"Prospects for the whole Canadian aerospace industry are improving with recent developments contributing to the enhancement of aircraft financing in this country," said Paul Tellier, Bombardier chief executive.
Two astronomers surveying the region around Jupiter have detected 20 new moons, bringing the giant planet's total to 60.	Astronomers have clocked eight more moons orbiting Jupiter, bringing its known total to 60.
And two key shuttle program leaders were out of town during the flight.	The newspaper also reported that two key leaders were out of town during part of Columbia's flight.
A council resolution is considered essential in giving Iraqi or U.S.-controlled entities in Baghdad the legal authority to export oil.	Without an adopted resolution, no Iraqi, U.S. or U.N. entity in Baghdad has the legal authority to export oil.
"The benefit is equal for everyone, both in traditional Medicare and in the enhanced Medicare we're setting up."	"The (drug) benefit is equal for everyone, both in traditional Medicare and in the enhanced Medicare we're setting up," Grassley said.
The disagreement over online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court yesterday.	The fight over online music sales was disclosed in documents made available Monday by the court.
She insisted, though, that it not be published until after her death.	She had only a single condition, that the book not be published until after her death.
About 700 MONUC troops are based in Bunia, but the force has neither the mandate nor the manpower to stop the fighting.	The United Nations has about 700 troops on the ground, but they have neither the mandate nor the manpower to stop the fighting.
Garner said Iraq's reconstruction was not as difficult as he had expected -- mainly because the war caused less infrastructure damage and fewer refugees than anticipated.	Garner said reconstruction will not be as difficult as he anticipated because the war caused less damage and created fewer refugees.
It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground," NASA spokesman Robert Navias said.	It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground."
The institute estimates that last year 15.7 per cent of the average supermarket's sales and more than half of gross margin went to pay employee costs.	The FMI estimates that last year 15.7 percent of the average supermarket's sales and more than half of gross margin went to pay employee costs, including wages and benefits.
French retirees will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040.	By 2040, retirees will account for a third of the population, up from a fifth today.
Samudra, 33, a textile salesman, is also charged with the church bombings across Indonesia on Christmas Eve, 2000, in which 19 people died.	Samudra, 33, a textile salesman, is also charged with a series of church bombings across Indonesia on Christmas Eve, 2000, when 19 people were killed.
The two have no diplomatic ties and their already tense relationship has been frayed by the crisis over the North's nuclear ambitions.	The two have no diplomatic ties and their already tense relationship has been frayed further by a diplomatic spat over North Korea's nuclear ambitions.
The only commercial carrier flying to Baghdad, Royal Jordanian, also suspended its flights for three days.	The only passenger airline serving Baghdad, Royal Jordanian, said it was suspending service for three days.
"I make no apologies for the fact that the negotiations have been undertaken largely in secret," Mr Truss said.	Mr Truss said he made "no apologies" the negotiations had been undertaken in secret.
Parson was charged with intentionally causing and attempting to cause damage to protected computers.	Parson is charged with one count of intentionally causing damage to a protected computer.
Bennett told Newsweek that "over 10 years, I'd say I've come out pretty close to even."	"Over 10 years, I'd say I've come out pretty close to even," he said.
"It is symptomatic of the communication difficulties that often trouble the ECB," said Ken Wattret of BNP Paribas.	"It is reminiscent of the communication troubles that have dogged the ECB in the past," said Ken Wattret of BNP Paribas.
"We're going to defend these charges in court," said Ira Lee Sorkin, Furst's attorney.	"Rob Furst intends to defend the charges in court," said Ira Lee Sorkin, Furst's attorney.
"The court and the public need to know much more of the details of the defendant's seemingly massive fraud," the judge said.	"The court and the public need to know more of the defendants' seemingly massive fraud," he said.
But the Foreign Affairs Committee yesterday cleared Blair's cabinet of that accusation.	In its report, the foreign affairs committee absolved Mr. Blair of charges of doctoring intelligence.
Those searches have not found stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons or significant evidence of a nuclear weapons program.	Alleged stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons have not turned up, nor has significant evidence of a nuclear-weapons program.
Its keywords are supported by Chinese language Web portals.	Chinese language Web portals also support 3721 keywords, the Web site said.
This is the first time in the United States that five whales have been released simultaneously from a single stranding incident.	Today, the experts will perform the United States' first simultaneous release of five whales from a single stranding incident.
There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy, the report said.	There were 659 women enrolled at the academy at the time of the survey.
Token-issuing framework provides capabilities that build on WS-Security and define extensions to request and issue security tokens and to manage trust relationships and secure conversations.	Within WSE 2.0, WS-Trust, WS-SecureConversation build on WS-Security and define extensions to request and issue security tokens and to manage relationships and secure conversations.
The U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments on Wednesday on whether companies can be sued under the Americans with Disabilities Act for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users.	The high court will hear arguments today on whether companies can be sued under the ADA for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users.
"It was to fly a plane into the White House," Karas said.	It was to fly a plane in the White House."
The IRS said taxpayers can avoid undelivered checks by having refunds deposited directly into their checking or savings accounts.	The IRS said taxpayers can avoid problems with lost or stolen refunds by having refunds deposited directly into personal checking or savings accounts.
"More than 70,000 men and women from bases in Southern California were deployed in Iraq.	In all, more than 70,000 troops based in Southern California were deployed to Iraq.
BP shares slipped 0.8 percent to 433.50 pence ($6.85) each in afternoon trading on the London Stock Exchange.	BP shares slipped 48 cents to $41.72 Friday in trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
Because of the accounting charge, the company now says it lost $1.04 billion, or 32 cents a share, in the quarter ended June 30.	Including the charge, the Santa Clara, Calif.-based company said Monday it lost $1.04 billion, or 32 cents per share, in the period ending June 30.
The company said it now expects second-quarter earnings of 68 cents and 72 cents a share, down from its prior outlook of 77 cents to 82 cents.	Avery Dennison said it now expects a second-quarter profit of 68 cents to 72 cents a share, down from its prior outlook of 77 cents to 82 cents.
Some Wall Street experts believe stocks have rallied too far, too quickly, given the muddled economic reports of recent weeks.	Some Wall Street analysts believe stocks have rallied too far, too fast, given the muddled picture of the economy provided by recent data.
The NASD also alleges Young flew multiple times on Tyco corporate jets, often accompanied by Kozlowski.	The NASD alleges that the analyst flew multiples times on Tyco's corporate jets for business trips, sometimes accompanied by Kozlowski.
It has a plus or minus 4.9 percent margin of error.	It had a margin of error of plus or minus five percentage points.
We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department's actions are fully within the law.	Comstock said several federal courts have ruled that the detentions are fully within the law.
"I conclude that plaintiffs have shown, albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to Bin Laden and Al Qaeda," Baer said.	Judge Harold Baer concluded Wednesday that lawyers for the two victims "have shown, albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida."
A US programmer has developed a software tool that allows users to download shared music files using Apples Windows iTunes software, which was released last month.	Independent US programmer Bill Zeller has developed software that lets users download shared music files using iTunes for Windows.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.	The Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York.
A U.S. Court of Appeals Thursday ruled that Microsoft (Quote, Company Info) does not have to carry the Java programming language in its Windows operating system.	A federal appeals court on Thursday overturned a judge's order that would have forced Microsoft to include competitor Sun Microsystems' Java software in its Windows operating system.
"You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Limbaugh said Friday on his program.	"You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Limbaugh said during a stunning admission aired nationwide.
The Foreign Office said there was a "clear" risk of terrorist attack in Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda.	The warnings were issued on Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda.
The truck carried the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT, emergency ministry official Ruslan Khadzhiyev said.	Another Chechen emergency ministry official, Ruslan Khadzhiyev, said the truck was carrying the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT.
An international warrant for his arrest was issued both to the Ghanaian authorities and to Interpol.	A warrant for Taylor's arrest has been served on the Ghanaian authorities and sent to Interpol.
PeopleSoft Inc.'s board of directors on Friday unanimously rejected Oracle Corp.'s revised bid of $19.50 per share.	PeopleSoft Inc.'s board of directors voted unanimously on Friday to recommend that stockholders reject Oracle's upgraded bid for a hostile takeover.
Berry also married and divorced his second wife twice, most recently in 1991.	Berry repeated that performance with his second wife, whom he married and divorced twice (most recently in 1991).
Goldman also raised its quarterly dividend to 25 cents from 12 cents, citing the new tax law.	Goldman decided to increase its quarterly dividend to 25 cents a share from 12 cents, citing recent tax legislation as a primary factor behind the move.
Tomorrow's testimony is to give an inside look at tax shelter development and marketing.	Tuesday’s testimony is to give an inside look at tax-shelter development and marketing.
Goodyear's third-quarter earnings report, which had been scheduled to be released on Thursday, was postponed until November.	It canceled its third-quarter earnings announcement, which had been scheduled for this morning.
A summary of his remarks says: all the group's savings have been lost to raids and arrests, and JI is totally dependent on al-Qaeda for money.	In addition, Hambali laments, "all the group's savings have been lost to raids and arrests," and "JI is now totally dependent on al-Qaeda for money."
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.	Bounty hunting is illegal in Mexico, and the bounty hunter was charged with kidnapping.
The unusual decision to declassify an intelligence report came in an attempt to quiet a growing controversy over Mr Bush's allegations about Iraq's weapons programs.	The unusual decision to declassify a major intelligence report was a bid by the White House to quiet a growing controversy over Bush's allegations about Iraq's weapons programs.
But the FBI never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi - even though it had received information that he was a Saudi agent, the document says.	But the bureau never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi—despite receiving prior information he was a secret Saudi agent, the report says.
Federal Emergency Management Administration designated $20 million to establish the registry.	The registry was launched with $20 million from the Federal Emergency Management Agency.
About two decades ago, U.S. District Court Judge Walter Rice and others decided to protect and polish what remained.	Then, about two decades ago, U.S. District Court Judge Walter Rice, the Aviation Trail group and others made a decision to protect and polish what remained.
He said sales of grocery and other consumer packaged products are the strongest, but discretionary items are still weak.	Potter added that sales of grocery and other consumer packaged products are the strongest but sales of discretionary items such as decorative accessories are still weak.
France, Russia, China and others had advocated a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy.	France, Russia, China and even staunch ally Britain had advocated a stronger U.N. role, which they said was needed to give a U.S.-backed Iraqi authority international legitimacy.
BREAST cancer cases in the UK have hit an all-time high with more than 40,000 women diagnosed with the disease each year, Cancer Re-search UK revealed yesterday.	Cases of breast cancer in Britain have reached a record high, with the number of women diagnosed with the disease passing the 40,000 mark for the first time.
"It was never our intention to sell the product," said Health Minister Anne McClellan, a skeptic of medical marijuana use.	"It was never the intention of us to sell product," federal Health Minister Anne McLellan said yesterday in Edmonton.
But homecomings for those soldiers, as well as the division's 3rd Squadron, 7th Cavalry Regiment, have now been postponed indefinitely.	But the timing of homecomings for those soldiers, as well as the division's 3rd Squadron, 7th Cavalry Regiment, is now indefinite.
He was in Cincinnati helping another daughter move when the tragedy occurred, friends said.	Rowell, 57, was out of state helping his wife's daughter move when the tragedy occurred, friends said.
In the entire fiscal year, the company lost a record $1.27 billion, or $2.11 a share, on sales of nearly $3.1 billion.	For the entire fiscal year, Micron lost a record $1.27 billion on sales of just under $3.1 billion.
"I don't think my brain is going to go dead this afternoon or next week," he said.	In a conference call yesterday, he said, "I don't think that my brain is going to go dead this afternoon or next week."
Obviously, I've made statements that are ludicrous and crazy and outrageous and all those things, because that's the way I always was.	"Obviously, I have made statements that are ludicrous and crazy and outrageous because that's the way I was."
"This puts telemarketers on notice that we will take all measures necessary to protect consumers who chose to be left alone in their homes."	"This puts telemarketers on notice that we will take all measures necessary to protect consumers who chose to be left alone in their homes," FCC chairman Michael Powell said.
In addition to O'Connor, Rehnquist's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Stephen Breyer.	Joining him in the majority opinion were Justices Sandra Day O'Connor, David H. Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer.
But he added, "Once the problem grew to a certain magnitude, nothing could have been done to prevent it from cascading out of control."	"However, the report also tells us that once the problem grew to a certain magnitude, nothing could have been done to prevent it from cascading out of control."
Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.	The State University at Stony Brook launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection.
They include Ask Jeeves Inc., Global Crossing, Aether Systems, Clarent, Copper Mountain Networks and VA Linux, now VA Software.	They included Global Crossing, Akamai Technologies, Ask Jeeves, Copper Mountain Networks, Etoys and VA Linux.
The UAW earlier this week reached tentative agreements, also for four years, with Ford Motor Co., DaimlerChrysler AG's Chrysler Group and supplier Visteon Corp.	The union earlier this week announced tentative agreements with Ford Motor Co., DaimlerChrysler AG's Chrysler Group and supplier Visteon Corp.
Then the authority can hold another set of public hearings on raising commuting costs, the judge said.	But the judge, Louis York, said the authority can hold another set of public hearings on raising commuting costs afterward.
Peterson, 30, was arrested in La Jolla April 18 after the two bodies were identified through DNA tests.	Peterson was arrested near Torrey Pines Golf Course in La Jolla on April 18, the same the day the bodies were identified through DNA testing.
In Kentucky, Democratic Attorney General Ben Chandler faces U.S. Rep. Ernie Fletcher.	Kentucky: Republican Ernie Fletcher, a three-term House member, is battling Democratic state Attorney General Ben Chandler.
Sun filed its lawsuit after an appeals court in Washington upheld the U.S. government's antitrust case against Microsoft.	Sun filed the suit after the government's successful antitrust suit against Microsoft.
Jewish and Muslim leaders expressed horror at the proposals, which have not been approved.	Jewish and Muslim leaders objected to the proposals, which were never approved.
A female attendant, 25, was slashed across the face as the attacker closed on the cockpit.	A female colleague, 25, was slashed across the face as the man continued to try to reach the front of the plane.
Cullen, 43, is charged with murdering a Catholic clergyman and attempting to kill another patient at Somerset Medical Center.	Cullen, 43, is charged with killing a Roman Catholic Church official and attempting to kill another patient at Somerset Medical Center in Somerville.
Authorities appealed to the public Friday to come forward and provide what could be the key to solving the sniper-style shootings that have killed three people outside area convenience stores.	Authorities looked to the public yesterday for help in solving the deadly sniper-style shootings of three people outside Charleston-area convenience stores.
Duke and North Carolina have been resolute in their positions against expansion.	Two schools, Duke and North Carolina, have steadfastly opposed expansion.
Tehran has said it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted.	Tehran has made clear it will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted.
Financial terms of the deal, expected to close this month, were not released.	Financial terms of the sale, which is expected to be completed by the end of August, were not disclosed.
It also hired Citigroup and Morgan Stanley to explore refinancing or restructuring of $175 million in senior notes due next year.	ATA also has hired Citigroup and Morgan Stanley to evaluate options for refinancing or restructuring $175 million of 10.5 percent senior notes due in August 2004.
At last week's meeting with U.S. President George W. Bush, Roh said inter-Korean exchanges would be "conducted in light of developments on the North Korean nuclear issue."	The two leaders said inter-Korean exchanges would be "conducted in light of developments on the North Korean nuclear issue".
Analysts have predicted third-quarter earnings of 16 cents a share and revenue of $7.15 billion, on average.	Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research expected earnings of 13 cents a share on revenue of $6.7 billion, on average.
In 2001, President Bush named Kathleen Gregg one of six appointees to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest US lender for students.	In 2001, President Bush named her to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest U.S. lender for students.
After hours of negotiations, a SWAT team burst in early yesterday and found Hoffine dead.	Early Friday, the SWAT team burst in and found Hoffine dead.
"I never grabbed anyone and then pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts, and stuff like that.	That I pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts and stuff like that: this is not me.
"The death of al-Ghozi signals that terrorists will never get far in the Philippines," Arroyo said in a statement on Monday.	"The death of Ghozi signals that terrorists will never get far in the Philippines," President Gloria Arroyo said.
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday, as did Mills.	Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying that he never discussed personnel matters.
"We are committed to helping the Iraqi people get on the path to a free society," Rumsfeld said in a speech to the Council on Foreign Relations.	"We are committed to helping the Iraqi people get on the path to a free society," he said.
Mr. Young said he was disappointed that the government didn't see the severe acute respiratory syndrome crisis as worthy of federal disaster-relief money.	Young said he was disappointed the government didn't see the SARS crisis as worthy of federal disaster relief money.
Evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.	Passengers were evacuated smoothly, although they were not told what was going on, he said.
By Wednesday, the Red Planet will come as near to Earth as it has been in 60,000 years.	On Wednesday, at 7.51pm, Mars will be the closest to Earth it has been for 59,619 years.
Microsoft will seek to simplify creation of BizTalk applications by tying it more tightly to its flagship development tool, Visual Studio.Net.	The software maker is seeking to simplify creation of BizTalk applications by tying it more tightly to its flagship development tool, Visual Studio.Net.
The 12-nation currency has risen by 33 percent against the dollar over the past 15 months.	The euro is up 9 percent against the dollar in the past six weeks.
In February 2000, the officers — Kenneth Boss, Sean Carroll, Edward McMellon and Richard Murphy — were acquitted of all charges in the killing.	The officers -- Kenneth Boss, Sean Carroll, Edward McMellon and Richard Murphy -- were acquitted in 2000 of state murder charges.
I was surprised it turned out me talking and the president just listening.	"I was surprised it turned out me talking and the president just listening . . . It was mostly a monologue."
Before the blast, Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb.	Wells, 46, said he was forced to rob the bank and asked police to help take the bomb off.
"Our party will never be the choice of the NRA - and I am not looking to be the candidate of the NRA," he said.	Our party will never be the choice of the N.R.A., and I'm not looking to be the candidate of the N.R.A.," a reference to the National Rifle Association.
Since last April, scientists have learned how acrylamide is formed.	Scientists are working to determine how exactly how acrylamide is formed in food.
One of the company's employees was hospitalized in critical condition at Lee Memorial Hospital in Fort Myers, said hospital administrative assistant Alex Reichert.	One of the employees who survived the blast and fire was hospitalized in critical condition in Fort Myers.
The state's House delegation currently consists of 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans.	Democrats hold a 17-15 edge in the state's U.S. House delegation.
Shares in Berkeley-based Xoma lost 77 cents, or 14 percent, to close at $4.72 each in trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	The share price of Berkeley-based Xoma lost 73 cents a share, or 13 percent, to $4.76 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
"We need the somebody who notices them to come forward," he told a news conference to introduce his successor, Brig. Gen. Mastin M. Robeson.	"We need the somebody who notices them to come forward," he said at a news conference in which he introduced his successor, Brig. Gen. Mastin M. Robeson.
Under the adjusted definition, officials Thursday listed 29 cases as suspected and said that 107 other people showing possible SARS symptoms were being monitored.	Another 29 cases were listed as suspected, and officials warned that 107 other people showing possible SARS symptoms were being monitored.
"The numbers are starting to change very, very quickly," Dr. Julie Gerberding, the CDC's director, told a news briefing Thursday.	"The numbers are starting to change very, very quickly," Dr. Julie Gerberding, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said Thursday.
Progress Software plans to acquire privately held DataDirect Technologies for about $88 million in cash, the companies said Friday.	Progress Software Corp. is acquiring DataDirect Technologies Ltd., a privately held supplier of data-access software, for approximately $88 million, the companies said Friday.
Dos Reis also pleaded guilty to federal charges that he crossed state lines to have sex with Christina and another girl on a different occasion.	Dos Reis had earlier pleaded guilty to federal charges that he crossed state lines to have sex with Christina and one other girl in a separate incident.
The memorandum analyzed lawful activities, such as recruiting demonstrators, and illegal activities, such as using fake documentation to get into a secured site.	The memo analyzed lawful activities like recruiting demonstrators, as well as illegal activities like using fake documentation to get into a secured site.
Law enforcement sources who spoke on condition of anonymity confirmed that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County, Fla., state attorney's office.	Law enforcement officials confirmed that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County, Fla., state attorney's office.
Even when the exchange detected violations, it often failed to take disciplinary action, the SEC said.	Even when the exchange detected such violations, it "often failed to take appropriate disciplinary actions" against individuals or firms.
United said the new airline will expand next year to 40 Airbus A320 jets, each seating 156 passengers.	United said it the new airline use 40 jets, each seating 156 passengers.
Now they are waiting to see if Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan will try and repair the damage in his testimony to the House next week.	Now they were waiting to see if Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan would try to repair the damage done to bond prices in his testimony to the House next week.
Medical investigators matched the body's teeth to Aronov's dental records this morning, medical examiner's spokeswoman Ellen Borakove said.	Investigators matched the dead womans teeth to Aronovs dental records Wednesday morning, medical examiners spokeswoman Ellen Borakove said.
Joe Nichols captured new male vocalist honors, riding back-to-back hits "The Impossible" and "Brokenheartedsville."	Joe Nichols, who is touring with Jackson, captured new male vocalist honors, riding back-to-back hits The Impossible and Brokenheartedsville.
They found that 6.4 percent of men on finasteride had high-grade tumors, compared with 5.1 percent taking a placebo.	About 18 percent of men taking finasteride developed prostate cancer, compared with 24 percent on placebo.
The compilers are available in two flavors: the Intel C++ Compiler for Microsoft eMbedded Visual C++ retails for USD$399 and is intended for application development use.	The compilers are available in two forms: The Intel C++ Compiler for Microsoft eMbedded Visual C++ is available from Intel for $399, and is intended for applications development.
Thousands of pounds of fireworks inside the warehouse and packed in the tractor-trailer rig exploded, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives said.	Thousands of pounds of fireworks inside the Lamb Entertainment's warehouse and packed in the tractor-trailer rig exploded, the ATF said.
Martha Stewart shares fell $2.03, about 18 percent, to $9.17 and were the NYSE's biggest percentage loser.	Its shares fell 4.6 percent, or $4.04, to $83.38 and was the blue-chip Dow's biggest percent loser.
By late Thursday afternoon, Putnam said the U.S. Attorney in the Southern District of New York had subpoenaed its trading documents, raising the possibility of a criminal indictment.	Earlier this week, Putnam said the Manhattan U.S. Attorney had subpoenaed its trading documents, raising the possibility of a criminal indictment.
The shares represent more than half the 115.9 million shares Turner held at the end of April, according to Bloomberg data.	The sale represents about 52 per cent of the 115.9 million shares Mr Turner held at the end of April.
In turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications.	Nuremberg, Germany-based SuSE will license Sun's Java 2 Standard Edition (J2SE) and ship Sun's Java Virtual Machine across its Linux software line.
We'll be listening carefully to the [IAEA] director general's report at the next board meeting.	"We'll be listening carefully to the (IAEA) director-general's report at the next board meeting."
Mr. Rush is the only witness to the events in the pilothouse who has spoken to investigators.	Rush is the only witness to the wheelhouse events who has spoken with investigators, Weinshall said.
Geoghan, 68, was taken to Leominster Hospital, where he was pronounced dead at 1:17 p.m.	Mr. Geoghan was taken to the University of Massachusetts Memorial Health Alliance Hospital in Leominster, Mass., where he died at 1:17 p.m.
"With Internet usage and broadband adoption continuing to escalate, marketers are throwing their weight and dollars behind interactive advertising," said IAB President and CEO Greg Stuart.	"With Internet usage and broadband adoption continuing to escalate," Stuart says, "marketers are throwing their weight and dollars behind interactive advertising."
Both devices use version 5.2 of the Palm operating system and feature a new design, which resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that swivels around 180 degrees.	Both devices use Palm OS 5.2 and feature a completely new form factor that resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that swivels 180 degrees.
General Myers told reporters that "at first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken".	"At first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken," said Gen. Richard Myers, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
Trading volume was incredibly light at 500.22 million shares, below an already thin 611.45 million exchanged at the same point Thursday.	Trading volume was extremely light at 1.05 billion shares, below an already thin 1.19 billion on Tuesday.
Roberts said he didn't think excess inventory showed up in Avery's first quarter, although it might explain the drop and quick recovery in sales this quarter.	Roberts said he didn't think excess inventory showed up in Avery's March quarter, although it could explain the drop and quick recovery in sales during the current quarter.
In that position, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, president and CEO of EMC.	As executive vice president of new ventures, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, EMC's president and chief executive.
But with the PM due to leave tomorrow afternoon for personal reasons there was a risk he might not be present when the final decision was made.	But with the Prime Minister due to leave tomorrow, a day early, he may not be present when the final decision is made.
They did not nationalize them," Manouchehr Takin, an analyst at the Center for Global Energy Studies in London, said.	They did not nationalize them," said Manouchehr Takin of the Center for Global Energy Studies.
Since both companies described the talks as exclusive, it's likely the two signed an agreement saying Dynegy wouldn't talk to other suitors for a certain period of time.	Because the companies described the talks as exclusive, it's likely they signed an agreement saying Dynegy wouldn't talk to other suitors for a certain period.
The Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa opened its doors a day early.	The dice are rolling at Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa.
BioReliance's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $47.98 per share.	Shares of BioReliance sold at $47.98 at the close of market yesterday, down 2 cents.
In 2001, Evan helped found an after-school nonviolence program named after a college student shot and killed by a teen gang member, said Alexis Lukas, the program supervisor.	In 2001, Nash helped found an after-school nonviolence program named after a college student who was fatally shot by a 14-year-old gang member, program supervisor Alexis Lukas said.
The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points, a gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998.	The Standard and Poor's 500-stock index, a broad collection of equities representing leading companies, finished its best quarter yesterday since the last three months of 1998.
The draft statement said progress on the nuclear issue and the pending trade deal were "interdependent, indissociable and mutually reinforcing elements".	They said progress towards resolving the nuclear issue and progress in the trade talks were "interdependent, essential and mutually reinforcing elements of EU-Iran relations".
The S&P 500 finished 13.78 points higher at 930.08, or 1.5 per cent, the highest level since January 14.	The S&P rose 13.78, or 1.5 percent, to 930.08, the best level since Jan. 14.
The Qantas colleagues were last night in a serious but stable condition after being rushed to Royal Melbourne Hospital.	The two flight attendants were in a serious but stable condition last night after being rushed to the Royal Melbourne Hospital.
The trial, featuring 125 witnesses, could continue until the start of 2004.	The trial, which could last until early 2004, is expected to hear the first of 125 witnesses Friday.
But price declines have remained below 30 percent, year over year, for the last two quarters, said IDC analyst John McArthur.	McArthur told internetnews.com price declines have moderated and remained below 30 percent from the previous year for the last two quarters.
The previous weekend record for an R-rated film was $58 million for "Hannibal."	The previous biggest R rated opening was "Hannibal's" $58 million.
The second rover is scheduled for launch later this month, and both vehicles are expected to arrive at Mars in January.	The second rover is scheduled for launch on June 25 and both will arrive at Mars in January.
The per-share earnings were 4 cents per share higher than the expectations of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.	That was 4 cents higher than the expectations of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
The Sars illness, wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, and economic uncertainty in Europe and the US have depressed air travel.	The outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome, wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and economic uncertainty in Europe and America have depressed air travel.
The 2002 second quarter results don't include figures from our friends at Compaq.	The year-ago numbers do not include figures from Compaq Computer.
A nationally known computer hacker is being sought on a federal arrest warrant stemming from a sealed complaint in New York, a federal defender in California said Friday.	SACRAMENTO A nationally known itinerant computer hacker faces a federal arrest warrant on a sealed federal complaint in New York, a federal defender in California said Friday.
A man, 19-year-old Antowain Johnson, ``tried to go back in and get the rest of them but the smoke wouldn't let him,'' she said.	She said another man, 19-year-old Antowain Johnson, "tried to go back in ... but the smoke wouldn't let him."
WHO spokeswoman Maria Cheng agreed, saying: "It looks very much like an isolated event."	"It looks very much like an isolated event," World Health Organization spokeswoman Maria Cheng said.
The GAO found cable rates have increased 40 percent over the past five years, versus 12 percent inflation during the period.	The GAO found that cable rates have increased by 40 percent during the past five years, far above the 12 percent inflation in that period.
The stock has risen 44 cents in recent days.	The stock had risen 44 cents in the past four trading sessions.
GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.	Georgia Bureau of Investigation spokesman John Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was "very methodical."
Sen. Charles Schumer, D-N.Y., sent a letter to President Bush Wednesday demanding action on the legislation.	Sen. Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.), a supporter of Boxer's bill, sent a letter to President Bush on Wednesday demanding action on the legislation.
The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, wouldn't comment Friday.	The Rev. Christopher Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, did not immediately return several calls seeking comment.
They looked at their son-in-law and his relatives, but did not exchange words.	She looked at her son-in-law and his relatives at times, but the two sides did not exchange words.
Two brothers who were among seven Portland suspects accused of aiding terrorists have decided to plead guilty to conspiring to aid al-Qaida and the Taliban, officials said Wednesday.	Two brothers who were among seven people accused of aiding terrorists pleaded guilty yesterday to charges of conspiring to help Al Qaeda and the Taliban during the war in Afghanistan.
Media giant Vivendi Universal EAUG.PA V.N set to work sifting through bids for its U.S. entertainment empire on Monday in a multibillion-dollar auction of some of Hollywood's best-known assets.	Media moguls jostled for position as the deadline for bids for Vivendi Universal's U.S. entertainment empire neared on Monday in an auction of some of Hollywood's best-known assets.
Like Viacom, GE -- parent of NBC -- is also seen as a less enthusiastic bidder compared to the likes of Bronfman or Davis.	Like Viacom, General Electric is seen as a less enthusiastic bidder compared with Bronfman or Davis.
The proceedings were taken up with prosecutors outlining their case against Amrozi, reading 33 pages of documents outlining allegations against him.	Proceedings were taken up with prosecutors outlining their case against Amrozi, reading a 33-page accusation letter to the court.
He urged the US to provide clear rules on what would happen at possible trials.	Government sources said Mr Howard urged the US to provide clear rules governing any potential trials.
Scruggs, who did not testify, was cleared of a second charge of failing to provide her son with proper medical and psychological care.	The six-member jury cleared Scruggs of a second charge that accused her of failing to provide her son with proper medical and psychological care.
The rebels suspended peace talks with the government April 21 citing a lack of progress.	The Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam suspended peace talks April 21 citing a lack of progress.
"The timing of [the miniseries] is absolutely staggering to me," Nancy Reagan said in a statement to Fox News Channel last week.	Nancy Reagan issued a statement last week to the Fox News Channel saying, "The timing of [the miniseries] is absolutely staggering to me.
As you know, East Africa has been an area of terrorist threats and indeed terrorist attacks in the past."	"East Africa has been an area of terrorist threats and indeed terrorist attacks in the past," said State Department spokesman Philip Reeker.
People who have this disorder absorb excessive amounts of iron which can lead to organ damage.	Haemochromatosis is a disorder in which people absorb excessive amounts of iron which can lead to organ damage.
Although deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, the Beatles popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock music.	Although the Beatles were deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, their popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock groups.
Mr. Berg says in an advertisement for it, "More than my remembrances, this book intends to convey hers."	In an advertisement for the book, Berg says, "More than my remembrances, this book intends to convey hers."
He said the district had been waiting for the subpoenas and had always planned to comply once it received them.	Mr. Caramore said the district waited for the subpoenas and planned to cooperate with the investigation.
In their study, researchers tested the hearing of 479 men between 20 and 64 years old who were exposed to noise in their jobs.	Barrenas's team tested the hearing of 479 men, aged 20 to 64, who were exposed to noise in their jobs.
"We're in a highly competitive industry where few apparel brands own and operate manufacturing facilities in North America," Levi Strauss Chief Executive Officer Phil Marineau said in a statement.	"We're in a highly competitive industry where few apparel brands own and operate manufacturing facilities in North America," said Phil Marineau, the chief executive.
In Nigeria alone, the report said, as many as 1 million women may be living with the condition.	In Nigeria alone, the report estimated that between 100,000 and 1 million girls and women are suffering from the condition.
Global HRT sales, which are dominated by Wyeth of the US, were worth $3.8bn in 2001, according to Data- monitor, the London-based market research company.	Global HRT sales were worth $3.8bn (2.4bn) in 2001, according to Datamonitor, the London-based market research company.
The migrants were first spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two small patrol boats were sent to the area, Doss said.	The Cubans were spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two vessels were sent out to the area, Petty Officer Ryan Doss said.
"I don't want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks," said Missouri Congressman Dick Gephardt.	"I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks," he told the Register.
Market research firm Dell'Oro Group estimates this market will total $12 billion in 2004.	Market research firm Dell'Oro Group estimates that the Gigabit Ethernet switch market will total about US$12 billion in 2004.
Robbins said he wants to take any network like ESPN that charges more than $1 per Cox customer and make those optional choices for consumers to buy.	Robbins said he wants to take networks such as ESPN that charge more than $1 per Cox customer and make them optional choices.
Fourteen of those infected passengers sat within four seats of the SARS patient and two were flight attendants, said Mike Ryan, WHO's global coordinator for anti-SARS efforts.	Of those, 14 were passengers sitting within four seats of the SARS patient and two were flight attendants, Ryan said.
It names Shelley, Los Angeles County Registrar of Voters Conny McCormack, and registrars in Orange and San Diego counties as defendants.	The lawsuit names Shelley, a Democrat, and registrars in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
He reiterated Schroder's statement last week that Berlin would consider sending peacekeepers to Iraq only if requested by an interim Iraqi government or the United Nations under a U.N. mandate.	German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder said last week that Berlin will consider sending peacekeepers only if requested by an interim Iraqi government or the United Nations.
The four were remanded in custody and will appear before the magistrate's court again on July 8.	The men were remanded in custody and are due to appear again before court on July 8.
Four years ago, Nike was sued in state court by California activist Marc Kasky under a statute designed to protect consumers from false advertising.	Four years ago, California activist Marc Kasky sued Nike under a statute designed to protect consumers from false advertising.
At one of the three sampling sites at Huntington Beach, the bacteria reading came back at 160 on June 16 and at 120 on June 23.	The readings came back at 160 on June 16 and 120 at June 23 at one of three sampling sites at Huntington Beach.
"This will put a severe crimp in our reserves," O'Keefe said Friday during a roundtable discussion with reporters at NASA headquarters.	"This is going to put a severe crimp in our reserves," O'Keefe said during a breakfast with reporters.
The next court session will be when the three-judge tribunal announces its verdict in mid-February.	The court's three-judge tribunal was expected to give its verdict next February.
Microsoft has won a patent for an instant messaging feature that notifies users when the person they are communicating with is typing a message.	Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message.
X2 took in $17.1 million for a total three-week take of $174 million.	Elsewhere in theaters this weekend, "X2" earned $17.1 million to raise its three-week total to $174 million.
Four other men who were also charged in June have already pleaded guilty.	Four of the defendants have pleaded guilty to weapons charges and other counts.
But its most popular comedy, Friends, is going into its last season.	But its most popular comedy, Friends, will sign off after a two-hour finale next May.
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.	Researchers found that sea ice in the Arctic is disappearing at a rate of 9 percent each decade.
The Lockheed Martin-built SIRTF is the last of NASA's Hubble-class "Great Observatories."	SIRTF is the last of NASA's so-called Great Observatories.
"We're making these commitments first and foremost because we think it's the right thing to do," said Michael Mudd, spokesman for the Northfield-based company.	"We're making these commitments first and foremost because we think it's the right thing to do," company spokesman Michael Mudd said yesterday.
Sgt. Randy Force, a police spokesman, said O'Brien wasn't being charged with causing the crash because Reed was jaywalking.	Sergeant Randy Force, a police spokesman, said O'Brien wasn't being charged with causing the crash because the victim had been jaywalking.
The book, scheduled for release next month, is described by Franken as a criticism of right-wing leaders and media spokesmen.	The book, scheduled for publication next month, has been described by Franken as a criticism of right wing leaders and media spokespeople.
Federal investigators are looking for possible connections between the theft of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week.	Federal agents said Friday they are investigating the thefts of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week.
The affidavit said British customs officials stopped al-Amoudi at Heathrow Airport last month when he was attempting to travel to Damascus, Syria.	The affidavit says al-Amoudi was detained Aug. 16 attempting to travel from London to Damascus, Syria.
"New" farmers say they have increased the numbers of dogs they keep for "protection" but former farmers say the packs are used to hunt depleted wildlife.	Farmers say they have increased the numbers of dogs they keep for protection, although some packs are used to hunt depleted wildlife.
Albertson's and Kroger's Ralphs stores locked out their workers in response.	Kroger's Ralphs chain and Albertsons immediately locked out their grocery workers in a show of solidarity.
The decision means that Qarase must invite up to eight Labor Party members into cabinet.	Mr Qarase must now invite up to eight Labour Party members into cabinet.
"Landing on an aircraft carrier doesn't make up for the loss of 2.5 million jobs in America," said the senator, a much-decorated Vietnam War veteran.	"Landing on an aircraft carrier doesn't make up for the loss of 2.7 million jobs in America," Kerry said.
Kevin Rollins, Dell's president, received $770,962 in salary and a bonus of just more than $2-million in fiscal 2003.	Dell made $950,000 in salary and nearly $2.5 million in bonus pay during the fiscal year.
As part of his deal, Mr. Delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation.	Dave Delainey agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors in exchange for the plea.
The United States accuses Saddam loyalists of attacks on oilfields and pipelines crucial to Iraq's economic recovery.	Loyalists are also believed to be behind attacks on oil pipelines and fields that are crucial to Iraq's economic recovery.
Mall operators and retailers reported fewer people camping out for early-bird specials on Saturday morning, although many parking lots were crowded by early afternoon.	Mall operators and retailers reported fewer shoppers camping out for early-bird specials on Saturday morning, although parking lots were beginning to fill at some East Coast shopping centers.
Josephine Burke, who ran the unlicensed daycare, eventually served four months in prison on misdemeanor assault and child neglect charges.	Josephine Burke, who ran the illegal day care, served four months in prison on misdemeanor assault and child-neglect charges.
Hedge funds came under renewed scrutiny recently when New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer unveiled a probe of illegal trading in mutual fund shares.	The industry came under renewed scrutiny recently with the launch by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer of an investigation of illegal trading in mutual fund shares.
Operating revenue fell 4.5 percent to $2.3 billion from a year earlier.	Operating revenues were down about 1 percent to $4.55 billion, from $4.59 billion.
Since December 2002, Evans has been the vice chair of the U.S. Chief Information Officers Council.	Evans is also the vice-chairman of the Federal Chief Information Officers Council.
Many of the countries affected, like Colombia and Ecuador, are considered critical to the administration's efforts to bring stability to the Western Hemisphere.	Many of the affected countries, such as Colombia and Ecuador, are considered critical to the administration's efforts to bring stability to this hemisphere.
The huge bottom-line loss stemmed from a 1.5 billion pound assets writedown, on top of a 3.5 billion first-half charge.	The huge bottom line loss stemmed from a 1.5 billion-pound asset writedown, on top of a 3.5 billion first-half charge.
BOCHK chief executive Liu Jinbao was transferred abruptly to Beijing last month.	He was chief executive of BOCHK until he was suddenly recalled to Beijing last month.
In case the company does not turn in the reports before the end of May, it is likely to be delisted, an SFC official said.	If the company did not turn in the results before the end of May, it was likely to be delisted, an SFC official said.
Watson, of Whitakers, N.C., was found guilty of making a false threat to detonate explosives, and destruction of federal property.	Dwight Watson, 50, was convicted of making a false threat to detonate explosives and of destroying federal property.
"The gloves are off," said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.	Unifi official Rob O'Neill said: "The gloves are off.
Drax faced a financial crisis late last year after it lost its most lucrative sales contract, held with insolvent utility TXU Europe.	Drax’s troubles began late last year when it lost its most lucrative sales contract, with the insolvent utility TXU Europe.
It's one of several negotiating items where Canada appears to have caved in to U.S. demands and accepted less favourable terms.	Giving up half the duties is one of several negotiating items where Canada appears to have caved in to U.S. demands and accepted less favourable terms.
His harsh criticism of PLO chairman Yasser Arafat led to his books being banned for a time by the Palestinian Authority.	His harsh criticism of the PLO's chairman, Yasser Arafat, saw the Palestinian Authority ban his books for a time.
"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the revised Diebold machines," said Gilles W. Burger, chairman of the Maryland State Board of Elections.
"They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous," said the Oscar-winning film director.	He said: “They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous.
But I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards."	"I would rather be talking about positive numbers rather than negative.
WorldCom, brought down by an $11 billion accounting scandal, is adopting the name of its MCI long-distance division in a bid to clean up its image.	WorldCom, decimated by a massive accounting scandal, is adopting the name of its MCI long-distance division in a bid to clean up its image.
Launched from the space shuttle Atlantis in 1989, Galileo will have travelled about 4.6 billion kilometres by the time it hits Jupiter.	Launched from space shuttle Atlantis (news - web sites) in 1989, Galileo will have traveled about 2.8 billion miles by the time it hits Jupiter.
The search was concentrated in northeast Pennsylvania, but state trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could have traveled hundreds of miles by now.	The search was concentrated in northeastern Pennsylvania, but State Police Trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could be out of the area.
The US investment bank said: "We believe the long-term prospects for the energy sector in the UK remain attractive."	"We believe the long-term prospects for the energy sector in the UK remain attractive," Goldman said.
Available in June, Bare Metal Restore 4.6 costs $900 per Windows client and $1,000 per Unix client for new customers.	Bare Metal Restore 4.6 will be available in mid-June, said Veritas, and will cost $900 per Windows client and $1,000 per Unix client.
It was not immediately known how many people were on flight UTA 141, which could carry 141 passengers and crew.	It was still not known exactly how many people were on the plane, which could carry 141 passengers and crew.
But the country is scrambling to prevent it spreading to the vast countryside where most of its 1.3 billion people live.	China is scrambling to stop the disease from spreading to the countryside, where most of its 1.3 billion people live.
But labor leaders said it was often difficult for these Americans to join a union because many employers fought organizing efforts.	But labor leaders say it is often hard for these people to join a union because many employers aggressively fight organizing efforts.
The Democratic primary results have a margin of error of plus or minus 6.1 percentage points.	The Democratic sample has an error margin of plus or minus 6.1 percent.
"We disagree with the judge's decision on notice for Engine Company 261," said a statement by Michael A. Cardozo, the city's corporation counsel.	He added that: "We disagree with the judge's decision on notice for Engine Company 261."
The market remains pinned in a narrow range after a powerful rally drove the broad Standard & Poor's 500 index .SPX up more than 20 percent since mid-March.	The market remains pinned in a narrow range after a powerful rally pushed the broad S&P 500 index up more than 20 percent since mid-March.
Samuel Waksal, ImClone's former CEO, recently began serving a prison sentence of more than seven years for securities fraud.	Waksal, who pleaded guilty to securities fraud charges, recently began serving a prison sentence of more than seven years.
Scotland Yard said the three were charged under the Anti-Terrorism, Crime and Security Act 2001, with alleged failure to disclose information about acts of terrorism.	Scotland Yard said in a statement it had charged a 46-year-old man and two women aged 27 and 35 with failing to disclose information about acts of terrorism.
Witnesses said they believed the man planned to crash the Launceston-bound Qantas flight 1737, which was carrying 47 passengers and six crew.	Witnesses believe he wanted to crash Flight 1737, which had 47 passengers and six crew.
In Virginia, Mr. Kilgore, a Republican, accused the court of undermining "Virginia's right to pass legislation that reflects the views and values of our citizens."	The Virginia attorney-general, Jerry Kilgore, accused the Supreme Court of undermining "Virginia's right to pass legislation that reflects the views and values of our citizens".
The deal will combine Adobe's Form Server, Form Designer and Reader products with IBM's DB2 Content Manager and DB2 CommonStore products.	Big Blue will integrate Adobe's Form Server, Form Designer and Reader products with its DB2 Content Manager and DB2 CommonStore products designed for businesses.
The research is set to change how the public and doctors check for melanomas.	Now research by Melbourne's Alfred Hospital will change how the public and doctors check for melanomas.
Spider-Man snatched $114.7 million in its debut last year and went on to capture $403.7 million.	Spider-Man, rated PG-13, snatched $114.7 million in its first weekend and went on to take in $403.7 million.
In Las Vegas, agents entered two clubs — Cheetah's and Jaguars — along with Galardi Enterprises, an office atop a bar and pool hall in downtown Las Vegas.	In Las Vegas, federal agents stormed two clubs - Cheetah's and Jaguars - along with Galardi Enterprises, an office atop a bar in downtown.
Because of the holiday period, the agency will not release data from the period since Dec. 27 until today.	Because of the holidays, CDC is not releasing data from the period since Dec. 27 until today.
As Samudra sat down to hear the indictment, he looked over to his nine lawyers and shouted ``God is Great'' three times.	As he sat down to hear the indictment, Samudra looked over to his nine lawyers and shouted "Takbir!", or "Proclaim!", a religious rallying cry.
IBM said it believes that the investigation arose from a separate SEC investigation of a customer of IBM's Retail Store Solutions unit, which markets and sells point-of-sale products.	The company added: "IBM believes that the investigation arises from a separate investigation by the SEC of a customer of  IBM's Retail Store Solutions unit.
"I think the financial diplomacy here of the sort that we are engaged in is the surest course to get the result we want."	"The financial diplomacy we're engaged in is the surest course to get what we want," Mr. Snow said.
"No, what I do is I answer questions as to whether or not the help that is available is being delivered," Bush said.	"Now I want to know whether or not the help that is available is being expedited and made available.
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.	Since then, Texas Gov. Rick Perry has called two special sessions trying to push the measure through.
"The difference is just something called the tuner, which is a very small piece of equipment."	The only difference is a tuner, a small piece of electronics."
When the butterflies were exposed to constant light, they flew directly towards the sun, presumably because they no longer had any sense of time.	And when butterflies were exposed to constant light, they flew directly toward the sun, apparently having lost their sense of time.
They said he organized a network of associates operating in as many as a dozen states.	Agents described Carlow, 50, as a "major player'' who organized a network of associates operating in as many as a dozen states.
In addition, David Jones will pay him $10 million to take over the Foodchain leases.	DJs will pay homewares and furniture group Freedom $10 million to take over the Foodchain store leases.
Tisha Kresler, a spokeswoman for Global Crossing, declined to comment.	A Global Crossing representative had no immediate comment.
O'Keefe declined to discuss whether such photos from spy satellites might have been able to detect the small crack in the wing.	O'Keefe declined to discuss whether such photos would have enough resolution to detect small cracks in the wing panels.
Residents forced out of their homes on Sunday returned Monday, many to floods in their basements or lower floors.	Residents of 220 homes forced out of their houses Sunday returned Monday, many to flooded basements or lower floors.
Initial reports indicated the shots had been fired from inside a mosque.	According to Central Command's initial reports, the attackers fired from a mosque in the city.
Last week, the executive committee of the Board of Trustees issued a no-confidence vote in Goldin.	But last week the executive committee of the board of trustees gave him a vote of no confidence.
Manfred Bischoff, EADS co-chairman and also a member of the management board of DaimlerChrysler, said both EPI and Pratt & Whitney had presented "excellent proposals.	Manfred Bischoff, EADS co-chairman and a member of DaimlerChrysler's management board, said EPI and P&W had presented "excellent proposals.
The TAAD and SAR-x chips are priced from $125 to $300 in quantities of 10,000.	The products are priced at $575 and $295 in quantities of 10,000.
The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine.	The findings are published in the July 1st issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index shed 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.
D'Cunha said, from a science standpoint, Toronto's last case was April 19, so the all-clear day was actually yesterday.	He said, from a science standpoint, the city's last case was April 19, so the all clear day was actually yesterday.
They describe themselves as "lifelong non-smokers whose primary interest is an accurate determination of the health effects of tobacco".	The journal says: "Both are lifelong non-smokers whose primary interest is an accurate determination of the health effects of tobacco."
A photograph of the doctor's son, Ariel, holding the guitar appeared in the National Enquirer two weeks after Harrison's death.	A picture of the doctor's son holding the guitar appeared in the National Enquirer just two weeks after George died.
Inamed shares closed down nearly 12 percent on Nasdaq, where it was one of the top percentage losers.	Inamed shares dropped as much as about 16 percent on Nasdaq, where it was one of the top percentage losers.
Before completion, the group will take surplus cash of 16.5m from TCG to reduce its net borrowings.	Prior to completion, CCG said it will also extract surplus cash of $27 million to reduce net borrowings.
Delta personnel at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport were scrambling all day to find alternate flights -- even on other airlines, when necessary -- to move the inconvenienced passengers.	Delta personnel at Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport scrambled all day to find alternate flights -- including seats on other airlines -- to move the inconvenienced passengers.
"Based on that review, I have concluded that CEO & President Greg Parseghian and General Counsel Maud Mater should be replaced," said Falcon in a statement.	Based on that review, I have concluded that CEO and President Greg Parseghian and General Counsel Maud Mater should be replaced," Falcon said.
In trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Kraft shares fell 25 cents to close at $32.30.	Kraft's shares fell 25 cents to close at $32.30 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange.
Stealing identities and credit card numbers with bogus e-mail and websites that appear to come from legitimate companies is an increasing problem on the Internet, federal officials warned Monday.	Stealing identities and credit-card numbers with bogus e-mail and Web sites that appear to come from legitimate companies is an increasing problem on the Internet, federal officials warned yesterday.
He was listed last night in critical but stable condition at Kings County Hospital Center, police said.	That victim, a New Jersey resident, was in critical but stable condition at the hospital.
Investigators have meticulously looked into virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, Campbell has acknowledged.	Investigators continue to probe virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, the former mayor has said.
For the full 12-month period ending June 30, advanced services lines of all technology types increased by 56 percent.	For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent.
On Sunday August 3, the House of Deputies voted nearly 2-1 in favor of the Reverend Gene Robinson of New Hampshire.	On Tuesday in Minneapolis, the House of Bishops gave final approval on a 62-43 vote for the Rev. V. Gene Robinson of New Hampshire to become bishop.
Federal officials gave the DPS officer an FAA number to call to initiate lost-aircraft procedures.	Federal officials then gave the Texas DPS officer a number to call at the FAA to initiate lost aircraft procedures.
After 26 hours of surgery and a year of anticipation, the boys were separated Sunday at Children's Medical Center of Dallas.	Two-year-old Egyptian twin boys, born with their heads conjoined, have been separated after 26 hours of surgery at the Children's Medical Centre in Dallas.
But the settlement also defers any payment to investors, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved.	Any payment to investors will be delayed, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved.
"The GPL violates the U.S. Constitution, together with copyright, antitrust and export control laws," SCO Group said in an answer filed to an IBM court filing.	"The GPL violates the U.S. Constitution, together with copyright, antitrust  and export control laws," states SCO in documents filed with the U.S. District Court for Utah.
Police searched Tanzi's home near Parma on Wednesday, and prosecutors had sought to interrogate him that day only to find he had left Italy for an undisclosed foreign country.	Magistrates searched Tanzi's home near Parma on Wednesday and tried to question him the same day, only to find he had left Italy for an undisclosed foreign country.
The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.	It upheld fallback rules that bar the same groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
Last year, Cuban officials said none of nearly two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas on time to attend the Grammys in Los Angeles.	Cuban officials said that last year none of about two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas in time to attend the Latin Grammys.
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.	The battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, military officials told The Associated Press.
Xerox shares closed at $11.45, up 2 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.	Xerox shares rose 2 cents to close at $11.45 on the New York Stock Exchange.
At midday Saturday, automatic gunfire rattled windows in the Qadesiyah neighborhood, a largely Arab area that borders a Kurdish quarter.	Automatic gunfire rattled windows in the Qadesiya neighborhood at midday today, a largely Arab area that borders a Kurdish quarter.
Southwest, the largest U.S. discount airline, said Friday that inspections of its fleet of 385 planes had found no additional items.	Southwest said it completed inspections of its entire fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional items.
Both companies automate many channels, though XM has some live programming, and Sirius airs live in-studio performances and interviews.	Both companies automate many channels, although XM has some live programming anchored by disc jockeys who can field requests, and Sirius airs live in-studio performances and interviews.
The national denomination of the Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Anglican Communion.	The Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the American branch of the worldwide Anglican Communion, which has 77 million adherents.
That means that if the planet is in a season, it will continue to brighten for the next 20 years.	If what scientists are observing is truly seasonal change, the planet will continue to brighten for another 20 years.
Neighboring Canada has just decided to legalize same-sex marriage, and they have high hopes that Massachusetts' supreme court will take a similar step soon.	Canada has just decided to legalize same-sex marriage, and they have high hope that Massachusetts' high court will take a similar step within a few weeks.
Excluding food and energy costs, the core CPI was up 0.1 percent last month, compared to a rise of 0.2 percent in July.	Excluding food and energy costs, the core CPI is seen rising 0.2 percent, matching the July figure.
The matriarch - who celebrates her 81st birthday next month - was yesterday thanked for her generosity by model and actor Sarah O'Hare, the National Breast Cancer Foundation patron.	The matriarch, who celebrates her 81st birthday next month, was thanked personally yesterday for her generosity by actress Sarah O'Hare, National Breast Cancer Foundation patron.
The researchers at Imperial College London had previously shown that the hormone could suppress the appetites of lean people.	Bloom and his colleagues had previously shown that the hormone, PYY3-36, could curb the appetites of lean people.
Voyager 2, also launched in 1977, lags some 1.6 billion miles behind Voyager 1.	Voyager 1 was launched on September 5, 1977, 16 days after its companion, Voyager 2.
The film stars James Brolin as Mr. Reagan and Judy Davis as Mrs. Reagan.	Emmy and Golden Globe Award-winners James Brolin and Judy Davis star as Ronald and Nancy Reagan in The Reagans.
But Advani said Pakistan should prove its sincerity by handing over suspects wanted by New Delhi in connection with previous bombings in India.	Advani said Pakistan should prove its sincerity by handing over suspects wanted by New Delhi for past bombings.
A federal judge yesterday disconnected a new national "do-not-call" list, just days before it was to take effect, saying the agency that created it lacked the authority.	A federal judge yesterday struck down the national do-not-call registry slated to take effect Oct. 1, ruling the Federal Trade Commission had no authority to create the list.
The U.S. Conference Board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey.	The Conference Board said its measure of business confidence, which had fallen to 53 in the first quarter of 2003, improved to 60 in the most recent second quarter.
A nationally known itinerant computer hacker faces a federal arrest warrant on a sealed federal complaint in New York, a federal defender in California said Friday.	A nationally known computer hacker is being sought on a federal arrest warrant stemming from a sealed complaint in New York, a federal defender in California said Friday.
New York City will get an estimated $182.5 million in tax revenue from the bonuses this year, compared with last year's $125.4 million.	New York City will collect an estimated $182.5 million in tax revenue from the 2003 bonuses, compared with the $125.4 million it collected in 2002.
Under state law, DeVries must be released to the jurisdiction in which he was convicted.	Under state policy, DeVries was to be returned to San Jose, where he was last convicted.
Whitney said officials evacuated a YMCA camp that had been scheduled to host 250 people beginning Sunday.	Whitney said officials evacuated a camp where 250 people were expected to arrive Sunday.
AN inquest into the car crash that killed Princess Diana will be held January 6, the royal family's coroner announced overnight.	Inquests into the deaths of Diana, Princess of Wales and Dodi Fayed will be formally opened in the New Year, the Royal Family's coroner announced yesterday.
United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan suggested on Monday that the United States should lead a multinational force to stop fighting between government forces and rebels in Liberia.	U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan on Saturday called for the urgent dispatch of a multinational force to Liberia to halt fighting between government and rebel forces that has killed hundreds.
They did so after her feeding tube was removed this afternoon, accompanied by the Rev. Thaddeus Malanowski, a Catholic priest who visits Mrs. Schiavo weekly.	They did visit after her feeding tube had been removed, accompanied by the Rev. Thaddeus Malanowski, a Roman Catholic priest who visits Mrs. Schiavo weekly.
He is expected to ask banks for around €50m this week to keep the company afloat.	He is expected to ask for a lifeline of around €50m to pay suppliers and keep the company afloat.
Economists said that raised the odds of a rate cut at the Fed's next meeting on June 24-25.	Economists said those concerns raised the odds that the Fed might reduce rates at its next meeting on June 24-25.
The company had an operating loss of $56.7 million in the first half of 2003.	In the first half of this year, the company lost $56.7 million.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> jumped 118 points, or 1.36 percent, to 8,829.	In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 121.51, or 1.4 percent, at 8,832.69.
"In 1980, 6% of children aged six to 18 were overweight," he said.	From 1976 to 1980, it said, 6 percent of children ages 6 to 18 were overweight.
He could get six to seven years in prison, plus fines.	The charges carry up to 25 years in prison and $1.25 million in fines.
In the total external disk storage system market, revenue increased 1.5 percent year over year in the third quarter, to $3.2 billion.	In the total external disk storage system market, McArthur said revenue increased 1.5 percent year-over-year in Q3 to $3.2 billion.
"We have found the smoking gun," board member Scott Hubbard said.	"We have found the smoking gun," said Hubbard, director of NASA's Ames Research Center in California.
An experimental drug can slow the loss of vision caused by an eye disease that is the leading cause of blindness among the elderly, researchers have found.	An experimental drug can slow the loss of vision caused by a maddening eye disease that is the leading cause of blindness among the elderly, doctors reported on Saturday.
The airline said the results showed that its recovery programme and other initiatives were helping to offset a continued deterioration in revenues.	It said today’s results showed that programme and other measures were helping to offset a continued deterioration in revenues.
In hardest-hit Taipei, traffic has disappeared from once bustling streets, ubiquitous department stores stand mostly empty and restaurants are eerily quiet.	In hardest-hit Taipei, traffic has disappeared from once-bustling streets and department stores and restaurants are virtually empty.
In a statement, Lee said he "no longer believes that Viacom deliberately intended to trade on my name when naming Spike TV."	Spike Lee no longer believes that Viacom deliberately intended to trade on his name by calling its own venture "Spike TV," according to a statement read in court Tuesday.
The seven other nations in the initiative are Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal and Spain.	Other nations involved in the PSI include Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain and Britain.
"Accusations of improper activity are as false today as they were when the Democrats first made them," Grella said.	Accusations of improper activity are as false today as when the Democrats first made them."
The Aspen fire had charred more than 12,400 acres by Monday on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson and more than 250 homes had been destroyed.	The fire has so far charred 11,400 acres on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson, and more than 250 homes have been destroyed.
The court on Monday reversed the decision of that court, the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.	The court today reversed the decision of that court, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
In 1999, Mauritania became only the third Arab League state to establish full diplomatic relations with the Jewish state.	It is one of only three states in the Arab League to hold full diplomatic relations with Israel.
Just across a river, St. Joseph has trendy restaurants, boutiques, offices and a picturesque beachfront.	Less than a mile away, across a river, St. Joseph features trendy restaurants, boutiques, offices and a picturesque beach front.
That client component, the Microsoft Windows Rights Management Client 1.0, is what Microsoft posted for free download Tuesday.	Microsoft released Windows Rights Management Client 1.0, the first software client, for free download earlier this week.
The worm attacks Windows computers via a hole in the operating system, an issue Microsoft on July 16 had warned about.	The worm attacks Windows computers via a hole in the operating system, which Microsoft warned of 16 July.
But in Palestine, her rural neighbourhood 225 miles west of Washington, residents had nothing but praise for Pte Lynch.	In Palestine, a rural neighborhood 225 miles west of Washington, residents had effusive praise for Lynch.
Justices Stephen Breyer, Sandra Day O'Connor and Anthony Kennedy disagreed.	Justices Anthony Kennedy, Sandra Day O'Connor and Stephen Breyer dissented.
Cool, moist air moved into Colorado early Thursday and brought precipitation to two wind-whipped wildfires that had forced thousands to flee and threatened several hundred homes.	Cool, moist air moved into Colorado overnight, raising hopes for firefighters battling two wind-whipped wildfires that forced thousands to flee and threatened hundreds of homes.
The latest outbreak seems to have begun with one of the female patients, a transfer from Jen Chi Hospital in Taipei.	The outbreak seems to have begun with one of the roommates, a transfer from Taipei's Jen Chi Hospital.
Its second-quarter earnings per share of 22 cents was slightly better than analysts' estimates of 19 cents a share and more than double its prediction in April.	But an earnings per share of 22 cents was slightly better than analysts' estimates of 19 cents a share and more than double what Ford had predicted in April.
The board's final report, expected in late August, will stop short of assigning individual blame for the Columbia accident that killed seven astronauts, Gehman said.	The board's final report, which is expected in late August, will stop short of assigning individual blame for the accident .
Treasury prices rose slightly, sending the 10-year note yield down to 4.38 percent from 4.39 percent late Friday.	Treasury prices gained for the third day in a row, pushing the 10-year note yield down to 4.35 percent from 4.36 percent late Monday.
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC when it bought the assets of Connectix earlier this year.	Microsoft acquired Virtual PC from its developer, Connectix, earlier this year.
Earlier, he told France Inter-Radio, "I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic."	"I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic," Health Minister Jean-Francois Mattei said on France Inter radio.
Hines died of cancer Saturday in Los Angeles, publicist Allen Eichhorn said Sunday.	Hines died yesterday in Los Angeles of cancer, publicist Allen Eichorn said.
Sutherland is the 65-year-old computing pioneer who co-founded Evans & Sutherland, which made high-performance graphics computers.	Sutherland, 65, was a co-founder of Evans & Sutherland, an early maker of high-performance computers.
He said there was no indication, so far, that Gehring used his card for hotels, motels or other overnight stops.	There is no indication, so far, that Gehring used his card at any motel or overnight lodging, he said.
He listed LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line as toys that were stealing market share.	LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line all were stealing market share, he said.
Amazon.com shipped out more than a million copies of the new book, making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history.	Amazon.com shipped more than a million copies by Saturday afternoon, making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history.
Bush said that he ordered the Treasury Department to freeze the assets after the suicide bombing in Jerusalem that killed 20 people Tuesday.	Bush said in a statement that he ordered the U.S. Treasury Department to act following Tuesday's suicide bombing attack in Jerusalem, which killed 20 people.
The show's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny.	The company said this impacted earnings by a penny a share.
"A lot of these are made-up stories," Schwarzenegger told NBC television.	"Well, first of all, a lot of these are made up stories," Mr. Schwarzenegger said.
The global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the SARS virus first appeared in southern China in November.	The global death toll is 770 with more than 8300 people sickened since the severe acute respiratory syndrome virus first appeared in southern China in November.
Chances were, he said more than a week ago, he would see people who year after year pick the same place to sit.	Chances are, he will see people who year after year pick the same place to sit.
Compared with the same quarter last year, Cisco earned $729 million, or 10 cents a share, on revenue of $4.82 billion.	Cisco reported earnings of $987 million, or 14 cents a share, on revenue of $4.62 billion for the quarter ending in April.
He adds: "She started beating me with her hands about the head until I ran into the other room."	"She started beating me with her hands about the head until I ran into the other room," Mr Gest says of one incident.
In the interview, Janet Racicot said she heard the thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water early Saturday morning.	Janet Racicot heard the thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water, she said in an interview Tuesday.
Jackson, 45, posted a $3 million bond and returned to Las Vegas, where he is filming a music video.	After posting $3 million bail, Jackson flew to Las Vegas, where he had been working on a video.
"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks," she said.	"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attack," said Barbara Comstock, Justice Department spokeswoman.
The intelligence service, headed by Fujimori's spy chief, Vladimiro Montesinos, was accused of torture, drug trafficking and disappearances.	The head of the intelligence service under Mr. Fujimori, Vladimiro Montesinos, was accused of tortures and disappearances.
Mr. Soros branded Mr. Snow's policy shift a "mistake."	Soros criticised Snow's policy shift as a "mistake".
The Federal Open Market Committee meeting gets under way on Tuesday with a monetary policy decision due on Wednesday.	The Federal Open Market Committee will end its two-day policy-setting meeting and announce its decision on Wednesday.
Rashidi Ahmad, 33, was found dead in his pickup truck after it crashed into a building at Lincolnshire and Williamsborough drives, near Franklin Boulevard.	Sheriff's deputies found Ahmad in his truck after it crashed into a building at Lincolnshire and Williamsborough drives, just south of the Sacramento city limits along Franklin Boulevard.
Both Mr Blair and Foreign Secretary Jack Straw have denied that Britain had reneged on plans to involve the UN in the reconstruction of Iraq.	Mr Blair and the Foreign Secretary, Jack Straw, have denied Ms Short's claims that Britain has reneged on plans to involve the UN in the reconstruction of Iraq.
It's been a busy couple of days for security gurus assigned to keep their companies safe and sound.	It's been a busy couple of days for enterprise security gurus tasked with the job of keeping their companies safe and sound.
The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday.	The Department of Homeland Security announced Tuesday that it has selected three companies to continue research into ways to thwart shoulder-fired missile attacks on U.S. commercial aircraft.
Vivendi argues the agreement had not been approved by the board and that the payoff was inappropriate given the state of Vivendi's finances when new CEO Jean-Rene Fourtou took over.	Vivendi argues the agreement was not approved by its board and that the payoff was inappropriate given the state of Vivendi's finances at the time.
Two Americans killed in a recent ambush in Afghanistan were contract employees of the CIA, the agency said Tuesday.	Two CIA operatives have been killed in an ambush in Afghanistan, the CIA said yesterday.
Gov. Bob Riley proposed the budget cuts after Alabama voters rejected his $1.2 billion tax plan Sept. 9.	After Alabama voters rejected his $1.2 billion tax plan Sept. 9, Riley forecast significant cuts in state programs.
Over the weekend, NASA landed a six-wheeled robot on Mars to study the planet.	Last Saturday, a six-wheeled robot developed by NASA landed on Mars and began sending back images of the planet.
Mr Charlton was in the third aisle when a man in a brown suit raced past him with his hands in the air, armed with the stakes.	He said a man in the seventh row in a "brown suit raced past me with his hands raised in the air" armed with sharp stakes.
On Wednesday, Judge Pollack dismissed another case, this one against Merrill Lynch investors in the firm's Global Technology Fund.	On Wednesday, Judge Pollack dismissed a similar class-action lawsuit filed by investors who lost money in Merrill's Global Technology fund.
Congress twice passed partial birth bans, but former President Bill Clinton (news - web sites), citing the need for a health exception, vetoed both measures.	Congress passed the measure twice and President Bill Clinton (news - web sites), citing the lack of a health exception, vetoed it.
The Syrian government has said nothing in public about the raid.	The Syrian government has had no public reaction to the clash.
Hackett and Rossignol did not know each other and Hackett had no connection to Colby, Doyle said.	State police Lt. Timothy Doyle said Hackett and Rossignol did not know each other, and that Hackett had no connection to the college.
At another point, Mr. Bush said: "The choice was up to the dictator, and he chose poorly.	"The choice was up to the dictator and he chose poorly," Mr Bush said.
"It is probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but then again, I look forward to the challenge," he said.	"It's probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but I look forward to the challenge," Parsons told reporters at NASA headquarters.
Two hours earlier, they had recovered the body of Melissa Rogers, 33, of Liberty, Mo.	Just before dawn Tuesday, searchers found the body of Melissa Rogers, 33, of Liberty, Mo.
Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $42,409.	The median household earned income fell $500 over the same period to $42,400.
President Bush called the blackout "a wake-up call" for Americans about the nation's outdated power grid.	President George Bush called the blackout "a wake-up call" to modernise the nation's power-sharing system.
Eugene Uhl followed his father and grandfather into the military, his mother said.	She said her son followed his father and grandfather into the military.
The main change, said Jim Walton, CNN's president, is a fundamental shift in the way CNN collects its news.	The main change, said CNN president Jim Walton, was a fundamental shift in the way the network collected its news.
The federal government intends to introduce legislation later this year that will ban unsolicited commercial e-mail, the Minister for Communications and Information Technology, Senator Richard Alston announced today.	Australia will introduce legislation later this year to ban spam, the Minister for Communications, Information Technology and the Arts, Senator Richard Alston, announced today.
Legal experts said the case may mark the first time a parent has been convicted of contributing to a child's suicide.	Experts said the case marks one of the first times in which a parent was charged with contributing to a child's suicide.
Five 17-year-olds have been charged with robbery and impersonating a police officer.	All five suspects were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.
Doctors have speculated that estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.	Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.
They fear the treatment would leave 12-year-old Parker Jensen sterile and stunt his growth.	The Jensens have said they fear the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile.
No charges have been filed in those deaths, but prosecutor David Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case.	No charges have been filed in those deaths, but Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas said authorities were "continuing to make significant progress" in the case.
"You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Limbaugh, 52, said during a stunning admission aired nationwide.	"You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Limbaugh said Friday on his program.
The Turkish troops also could be targets for attack, the ambassador acknowledged.	Turkish troops almost surely would become targets for terrorists, the ambassador said.
The indictment ``strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world,'' said U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez.	The newly unsealed 32-count indictment alleges money laundering and conspiracy and "strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug-trafficking world," Jiménez said.
Microsoft presented several options at the meeting, the consortium said in the statement.	Microsoft officials presented "several options" it is considering, the W3C posting said.
About 25 governments have signed in the last four months, about half of those in the last three weeks.	According to the State Department list, about 25 nations have signed bilateral agreements in the past four months, about half in the past three weeks.
"The committee will define the role of the interim chairman and recommend an individual to fill that role," said lead director H. Carl McCall in a statement.	"The committee will define the role of the interim chairman and recommend an individual to fill that role," said Carl McCall, the lead director of the NYSE board.
Some 55 gang members and associates were arrested in a coordinated sweep across the West on Wednesday, some for charges not related to the casino brawl.	About 57 gang members and associates were arrested across the West on Wednesday, some on charges not related to the casino brawl.
Former Secretary of State Bill Jones has also expressed interest in the race but has not yet announced plans.	Former Secretary of State Bill Jones, another potential major candidate, had not divulged his plans Tuesday.
Johnsons site is www.katyjohnson .com. Maxs is www.tuckermax.com.	Ms. Johnson's site is www.katyjohnson .com. Mr. Max's is www.tuckermax.com.
Trade deals between manufacturers and grocery retailers or distributors have long been governed by complicated contracts that offer retailers discounts, money for advertising or payments for prominent shelf space.	Manufacturers and grocers or distributors have a long history of complicated contracts offering retailers discounts, money for advertising or payments for prominent shelf space.
Based on the history and success of The Winston in Charlotte, I believe theres no place but Lowes Motor Speedway that can do it justice.	"Based on the history and success of The Winston in Charlotte, I believe there's no place but Lowe's Motor Speedway that can do it justice."
It was the first speech by a US president to a joint session of the Philippines Congress since 1960.	President Bush on Saturday became the first American president to address a joint session of the Philippine National Congress since Dwight Eisenhower in 1960.
We think they have the right to choose.	"We think PeopleSoft customers deserve the right to choose," Ellison said.
Pressed for details, Mr Warner said: "All six of them are dead, we were told by Harold and his group".	"All six of them are dead, we were told by Harold and his group," Warner said.
Both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.	Both rebels and government forces, including those loyald to Taylor, have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite a peace deal.
He worked out how to get through the bone with his cheap "multitool"-type knife, made duller from futile attempts to scratch away at the rock.	He worked out how to get through the bone with his ``multi-tool''-type knife, made duller by futile attempts to chip away at the rock.
The juvenile arrested yesterday allegedly authored a variant of the worm known as "RPCSDBOT."	The variant the juvenile allegedly created was known as "RPCSDBOT."
"I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism," he replied.	"I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one to take a stance against terrorism. "
A draft statement, obtained by Reuters on Friday, stopped short of endorsing the U.S. charge but said some aspects of Iran's programme raised "serious concern".	The EU statement stopped short of endorsing the U.S. charge that Tehran is seeking nuclear weapons but said some aspects of Iran's programme raised "serious concern".
SCO intends to provide them with choices to help them run Linux in a legal and fully paid-for way, he said.	We intend to provide them with choices to help them run Linux in a legal and fully-paid for way."
Bush said the United States was reviewing documents and interviewing Iraqis in an intensive effort to support the still unproven claim that Saddam had forbidden weapons.	Bush said the United States was reviewing documents and interviewing Iraqis in an effort to support the administration's still unproven claim that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction.
South Asia follows, with 1.1 millions youths infected — 62 percent of them female.	Of the 1.1 million infected in south Asia, 62% are female.
Researchers have identified roughly 130 genes on chromosome six that may predispose humans to certain diseases.	Beck and his team have identified roughly 130 genes that somehow cause or predispose humans to certain diseases.
Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas told Palestinian Satellite TV the helicopter strike was a "terrorist attack."	Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas denounced the helicopter strike as a "criminal and terrorist" Israeli attack.
This is what Dr. Dean said: "I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks.	He told the Register: "I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks."
A picture of the doctor's son holding the guitar appeared in the National Enquirer just two weeks after George died.	A photograph of the doctor's son holding the guitar appeared in the National Enquirer two weeks after Harrison's death.
Mayor Mike Bloomberg weighs in former football star William 'The Refrigerator' Perry for the 88th annual Nathan's Famous Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest.	Ex-Bears star William 'the Refrigerator' Perry competes in the Nathan's Famous Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest Friday.
Stocks had surged on Tuesday as economic reports pointed to a thriving housing market and an uptick in consumer confidence.	Wall Street enjoyed a hefty rally on Tuesday as economic reports pointed to a thriving housing market and an uptick in consumer confidence.
A senior Administration official who briefed journalists on Friday said neither Mr Bush nor National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice read the estimate in its entirety.	The senior administration official said neither Bush nor National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice read the entire National Intelligence Estimate.
You have to dig deep and come up with the goods against guys who are out there competing with you."	You have to dig deep and come up with the goods against guys that are out there competing with the best of us.
The consensus estimate of analysts polled by Thomson First Call called for a profit of $1.70 per share.	Analysts polled by Reuters Research, a unit of Reuters Group Plc, on average forecast profit of $1.69 per share.
Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, Memory Stick expansion slots.	It also features a 4.5 in back-lit LCD screen and memory expansion facilities.
The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most--performers who have a hard time lining up work.	Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.
Sharon says he is willing to free the two as holding them will not bring back Arad, who Israel believes is held by Iran.	Sharon has said he is willing to free Dirani and Obeid because holding them will not bring back Arad, who Israel believes is held by Iran.
PeopleSoft also said it expects the acquisition to close in the third calendar quarter of 2003.	PeopleSoft said the JD Edwards acquisition would close in the third quarter.
The dollar was also helped by concerns about possible yen- selling intervention by Japanese authorities.	The dollar was helped on Friday by talk of yen-selling intervention by Japanese authorities on Thursday and Friday.
Despite such optimism, Taiwan's SARS crisis threatened to whirl out of control this month.	Despite such optimism, Taiwan's SARS crisis threatened to whirl out of control in the last week of May.
Baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims "have shown, albeit barely . . . that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida."	Judge Harold Baer concluded Wednesday that lawyers for two victims "have shown, albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida."
He'll present his proposals to the state Legislature in January.	The governor will present his budget proposals to the General Assembly in January.
Washington is wary of involvement, given its commitments in Afghanistan and Iraq.	The United States is wary of deep involvement in Liberia given commitments in Afghanistan and Iraq.
But U.S. District Judge Joseph DiClerico denied their request in a brief ruling.	In a brief ruling, US District Judge Joseph A. DiClerico Jr. denied their motion for an injunction.
Belcher said the airport's conference room became a shelter for several area families who had hiked up wooded hillsides in advance of rising water.	Belcher said the airport's conference room was serving as a makeshift shelter for several area families who hiked up the wooded hillside in advance of rising water.
A 1991 Florida straw poll helped catapult a little-known Bill Clinton to national prominence.	A similar Florida straw poll in 1991 brought attention to Bill Clinton, according to Democrats.
"Our own history should remind us that the union of democratic principle and practice is always a work in progress," Rice said in reference to Iraq.	"Our own histories should remind us that the union of democratic principle and practice is always a work in progress," she said.
He was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to terrorists, and dealing arms without a licence.	Lakhani, 68, is charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to terrorists and acting as an arms broker without a license.
However, prosecutors have declined to take criminal action against guards, though Fine said his inquiry is not finished.	Prosecutors have declined to take criminal action against corrections officers, although Fine said his inquiry was not finished.
About 18 percent of men taking finasteride developed prostate cancer, compared with 24 percent on placebo.	They found that 6.4 percent of men on finasteride had high-grade tumors, compared to 5.1 percent taking a placebo.
Justices said that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only "in limited circumstances."	In a 6-3 ruling, the justices said such anti-psychotic drugs can be used only in "limited circumstances."
Dr. Greg Robinson -- an AIDS patient -- left Health Canada's advisory committee because of inconsistencies in pot access.	Greg Robinson, a doctor who has AIDS, resigned from Health Canada's advisory committee because of what he described as inconsistencies in the access program.
Some of the company's software developers will join Microsoft, but details haven't been finalized, said Mike Nash, corporate vice president of Microsoft's security business unit.	Some of the companys software developers will join Microsoft, but details havent been finalized, said Mike Nash, corporate vice president of Microsofts security business unit.
The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December."	The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark for the first time since December.
The league said it is not taking a position on whether Governor Gray Davis should be recalled in the Oct. 7 voting, and will not endorse a replacement candidate.	The group said it is not taking a position on whether Davis should be recalled and will not endorse a replacement candidate.
In 1999, NIST found, the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.	The NIST discovered that in 1999 the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.
Mr Annan said terrorism "will only be defeated if we act to solve the political disputes and long-standing conflicts which generate support for it".	Annan said terrorism would only be defeated "if we act to solve the longstanding conflicts which generate support for it."
"He did a bad job going up there," Mr. Villalona said.	Villalona put it more bluntly: ``He did a bad job going up there,'' he said.
The German financial regulator, BaFin, may prove critical of WestLB's risk assessment.	An investigation by BaFin, the German financial regulator, has condemned the bank's risk controls.
An Associated Press report is included.	Material from the Associated Press supplemented this report.
Nor has it said how many astronauts will be on board, through there reportedly will be between one and three.	Nor has it said how many astronauts will be on board, through there reportedly could be as many as three.
Radio reports said hundreds of settlers converged on the four outposts overnight, hoping to disrupt their evacuation.	Army Radio reported early today that hundreds of settlers converged on four outposts overnight, hoping to disrupt their evacuation.
"They will feel themselves to be deceived and they may well dismiss legitimate evidence of the risks of this and other drugs in the future.	They will feel themselves to be deceived and they may well dismiss legitimate evidence for the dangers and risks of this and other drugs in the future."
The computers were reportedly located in the U.S., Canada and South Korea.	The PCs are scattered across the United States, Canada and South Korea.
He said the space program is developing antisatellite weapons and robotic space weapons, but said he did not think that the Shenzhou V had military applications.	He said he did not think that the Shenzhou V launch had military applications, even though the space program is developing antisatellite weapons and robotic space weapons.
The leased applications are designed to help sales people track customer accounts and sales leads.	Salesforce.com rents software that helps corporate sales people track customer accounts and sales leads.
And although he has acted in period dramas before in screen versions of Jane Austens Persuasion and Charlotte Brontes Jane Eyre Henchard is a breed apart.	And although he has acted in period dramas before - in screen versions of Jane Austen's "Persuasion" and Charlotte Bronte's "Jane Eyre" - Henchard is a breed apart.
US District Judge William M. Hoeveler's removal by his superior was a victory for US Sugar Corp., which led the fight for his ouster.	U.S. District Judge William M. Hoeveler's removal by his superior was a victory for U.S. Sugar Corp., which led the fight against Hoeveler.
Cintas is battling efforts to unionize 17,000 of its workers and to let unions organize the workers by signing cards, rather than by a lengthy election process.	Cintas is battling efforts to unionize 17,000 of its workers and labor's demands to let its workers organize by signing cards, rather than by a lengthy election process.
The justices declined without comment to review the ruling that upheld physicians' rights to speak freely with their patients.	The justices declined without comment to review a lower-court ruling that said doctors should be able to speak frankly with their patients.
The opposition would resort to rolling mass action "at strategic times of our choice and without warning to the dictatorship," he said.	"From now onwards we will embark on rolling mass action at strategic times of our choice and without any warning to the dictatorship," he said.
It has also been revealed the boy's family filed two other abuse-related lawsuits in the past, winning a $165,000 settlement in one case.	It has also been revealed that the boy’s family has launched two other abuse-related lawsuits in the past, winning a £90,000 settlement in one case.
Dr Blix said: "I don't know exactly how they calculated this figure.	Mr Blix said: "I don't know exactly how they calculated this figure of 45 minutes in the dossier.
Federal Agriculture Minister Warren Truss said the Government still did not know the real reason the sheep were rejected at the Saudi port of Jeddah on August 21.	He said the Government still did not know the real reason the original Saudi buyer pulled out on August 21.
Mitchell, Man of La Mancha, Malcolm Gets from Amour and John Selya, Movin' Out, complete the field.	Brian Stokes Mitchell, who stars in a revival of Man of La Mancha, Malcolm Gets from Amour and John Selya of Movin Out fill out the category.
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said that scenario is one among many that investigators are considering.	Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said investigators are considering the scenario.
But White House spokesman Ari Fleischer said yesterday: "The steps the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qa'ida are insufficient."	"The steps that the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qaida are insufficient.
The Smyrna Nissan plant was recently named the most productive automotive manufacturing site in North America, said Kisber.	Last week, a national study ranked Nissan's Smyrna plant the most productive in North America.
Drewes and a friend were playing a game of "ding-dong-ditch" -- ringing doorbells and running away -- in the Woodbury neighborhood in suburban Boca Raton.	Drewes and his friend were pulling a mischievous, late-night game of "ding-dong-ditch" knocking on doors or ringing doorbells and running in the Woodbury neighborhood in suburban Boca Raton.
Advertising and circulation revenues from the flagship Martha Stewart Living magazine have declined.	Advertising and circulation revenues for Martha Stewart Living magazine have taken a hit.
That risk, described as minor, remains "the predominant concern for the foreseeable future," the statement released after the Fed meeting said.	"The risk of inflation becoming undesirably low remains the predominant concern for the foreseeable future," the policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee said.
But right now it looks manageable," Gehman told reporters.	Right now it looks to me like it's going to be manageable," he said.
Russian Yuri Malenchenko, American Edward Lu and Pedro Duque of Spain landed in their Soyuz TMA-2 capsule at 0240 GMT.	Russian Yuri Malenchenko, American Edward Lu and Spain's Pedro Duque came down in their Soyuz TMA-2 capsule at 2:40 a.m. GMT.
Fasting glucose was 142 mg/dL on average for those given usual care, compared with 129 mg/dL in the group given specialized care (P < .01).	Fasting glucose, used to measure diabetes risk, was 142 on average for those given usual care compared to 129 in the group given special treatment.
The remaining five men continue to be questioned under Section 17 of the Terrorism Act.	Three men and two women who were at the property were arrested under Section 41 of the Terrorism Act 2000.
Wall Street is looking for a profit of 30 cents a share in the third quarter and $1.31 for the fiscal year.	Analysts were expecting a profit of 30 cents a share for the third quarter and $1.31 a share for the full year.
The Nets and the Spurs are crossing new frontiers of offensive ineptitude while causing their high-scoring American Basketball Association forefathers to cringe.	The Nets and the San Antonio Spurs are crossing new frontiers of offensive ineptitude while embarrassing their high-scoring ABA forefathers.
Police spokesman Brigadier-General Edward Aritonang confirmed that another two men had been arrested yesterday, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang in central Java.	Brigadier General Edward Aritonang, a police spokesman, confirmed yesterday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week from July 1.	Australia's 9 million income taxpayers received surprise tax cuts of between $3 and $11 a week from Treasurer Peter Costello last night.
"I can tell you that it's routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM."	"It is routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT team to rigorously test new platforms and technology inside IBM."
Roberts said his committee was briefed about a week ago about the likelihood of a major attack in Saudi Arabia.	Roberts said on Fox News Sunday that said his committee was briefed about a week ago about the likelihood of an attack in Saudi Arabia.
Neither immediately said his agency would appeal the decision, but many others following the case said an appeal was likely soon.	Neither said whether they would appeal the decision but others said an appeal was certain.
BofA said yesterday it had "policies in place that prohibit late-day trading".	Bank of America says its policies prohibit late-day trading, which is illegal.
Palm Beach County is considering adding up to $200 million more in incentives.	Palm Beach County is prepared to kick in another $200 million to build the institute's campus.
Viacom's lawyers say Spike is a common name that does not necessarily prompt thoughts of Lee.	Viacom's lawyers say Spike is a common name that doesn't necessarily prompt thoughts of the 46-year-old film director.
The American troops, who also defend the mayor's compound, have been attacked on two separate occasions.	The American troops from 3-15 infantry, who also defend the compound of the Falluja mayor, have been attacked on two occasions.
YES filed suit yesterday in the Supreme Court of New York County in Manhattan.	The suit was filed in the Supreme Court of New York County.
Hester said Sanmina was the best fit among several purchase offers the company received from electronics manufacturers and computer makers.	Hester said Sanmina's offer was the best among several Newisys received from electronics manufacturers and computer makers.
The discovery was published yesterday in the New England Journal of Medicine.	They appear in the Oct. 23 issue of The New England Journal of Medicine.
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.	Grassley and Baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan.
Investigators conducted DNA tests on the stains and ran the results through a national DNA data base in August.	Investigators conducted DNA tests on the stains and ran the results through a national database last month.
In January, Georgia's U.N. envoy Revaz Adamia accused Russia of annexing the region and appealed to the Security Council to "assume effective leadership over the peace process."	In January, it accused Russia of annexing the region and appealed to the U.N. Security Council to "assume effective leadership over the peace process."
If you're over here thinking this problem has been blown out of proportion by the media, you are wrong.	"If you think this problem has been blown out of proportion by the media, you are wrong."
WHO noted that most resistant bacteria growth among humans was due to overuse of antibiotics by doctors -- not due to farmers.	The WHO said in a report on Wednesday that most resistant bacteria growth among humans was not due to farmers, but to overuse of antibiotics by doctors.
In Canada, Tim Hortons' same-store sales were up as much as 6.7 per cent.	Tim Hortons' same-store sales in Canada rose by 6.7 per cent.
One had also pointed to the word refugee in an English/Turkish dictionary.	One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word "refugee".
The hearing, expected to last a week, will determine whether Akbar faces a court-martial.	The purpose of the hearing is to determine whether Akbar should be court-martialled.
Drug developer Inspire Pharmaceuticals Inc. ISPH.O tumbled $2.17, or 13.4 percent, to $13.98.	Drug developer Inspire Pharmaceuticals Inc. (nasdaq: ISPH - news - people) tumbled $2.17, or 13.4 percent, to $13.98.
Russian cosmonaut Malenchenko managed a space first earlier this month by marrying his earth-bound fiance by space phone.	Russian cosmonaut Malenchenko achieved a first earlier this month when he married his earth-bound fiancee by video link.
Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
A senior Malaysian member of JI testified in June that Bashir had approved the church bomb attacks and had called a meeting to plan Megawati's assassination.	A senior Malaysian member of Jemaah Islamiah testified on June 26 that Bashir had approved the church bomb attacks and had also called a meeting to plan Megawati's assassination.
Maddox, 87, cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery, Virginia Carnes said.	Maddox, who had battled cancer since 1983, cracked two ribs earlier this month when he fell at an assisted living home where he was recovering from surgery.
Mr Adams, managing director, will become chief executive on January 1.	Paul Adams, BAT managing director, will take over as chief executive in January.
"Really, this plan is an insult to working parents throughout New York City," Mr. Silver said.	"His plan is an insult to working parents throughout New York City."
Muslim guerrillas attacked a town and took hostages yesterday as they withdrew from fighting that killed at least 22 people, military officials said.	Muslim guerrillas attacked a town and took hostages Sunday as they withdrew from fighting that killed at least three people, the military and rebels said.
"I am responsible for the approval process in my agency," he said in Friday's statement.	Second, I am responsible for the approval process in my agency.
He said he has begun a court action to seize Beacon Hill's assets and has frozen more than $13 million Beacon Hill had when it closed.	He said he has initiated a forfeiture action in court and frozen more than $13 million Beacon Hill had when it closed.
The $250 million expansion will boost Nissan's total investment at its two Tennessee plants to $2.75 billion.	This will bring Nissan's total capital investment in Tennessee to $2.75 billion.
The document, headlined Information for Health Care Professionals, warns of potential panic attacks, psychosis and convulsions.	The document warns of potential panic attacks, psychosis and convulsions in some cases.
In Europe, France's CAC-40 fell 0.8 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 lost 0.9 percent and Germany's DAX index gave back 1 percent.	In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 fell 1.6 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 dropped 1.2 percent and Germany's DAX index lost 1.9 percent.
On a positive note, C&W's estimated lease commitments -- one potential hurdle to U.S. exit -- fell 600 million pounds to 1.6 billion.	Added to savings on the dividend, C&W's estimated lease commitments, one hurdle to its U.S. escape, fell by 600 million pounds to 1.6 billion.
Attorneys for the defense and media have filed documents opposing a gag order.	Attorney Gloria Allred, who is representing Frey, also filed documents opposing a gag order in the case.
Speaking for the first time yesterday, Brigitte's maternal aunt said his family was unaware he had was in prison or that he had remarried.	Brigitte's maternal aunt said his family was unaware he had been sent to prison, or that he had remarried in Sydney.
"Our policies are well-known, and I'm not aware of any changes in policy" on Iran, Powell said.	"Our policies are well known and I'm not aware of any changes," Secretary of State Colin Powell said Tuesday.
"Here's what happened: I go to their Web site and start complaining to them, would you please, please, please stop bothering me," he said. "	"I go to their website and start complaining to them, would you please, please, please stop bothering me," Mr. Booher told a reporter.
Experts say they think better treatment, including widespread use of the drug tamoxifen, as well as mammogram screening are responsible for the improvement.	Experts say they think better treatment, including use of the drug tamoxifen and mammogram screening, are responsible.
"He wasnt like that, except for getting in a couple fights with his dad.	As far as I know, he wasnt like that, except for getting in a couple fights with his dad."
"Close co-operation between our law enforcement agencies, close co-operation between our intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism."	Close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence services was at the heart of the fight against terrorism, he said.
The tuxedo shop was used as a front for laundering proceeds from a stolen credit cards.	Ragin and Hayes were accused of using a phony tuxedo rental business as a front for laundering proceeds from stolen credit cards.
A Connecticut judge Tuesday sentenced a man to 30 years in prison in the death of a teenage girl he met on the Internet.	A restaurant worker was sentenced to 30 years in prison Tuesday for the sexual assault and strangling of a sixth-grade girl he met in an Internet chat room.
They say inspectors must certify that Iraq is free of weapons of mass destruction before sanctions can be lifted.	It calls for the return of U.N. weapons inspectors to verify that Iraq is free of weapons of mass destruction.
State wildlife officials have concluded that the fluorescent zebra fish from Florida poses no danger, and they have recommended that the state exempt it from the ban.	State wildlife officials have concluded that the Florida-grown fluorescent zebra fish poses no danger, and they have recommended that it be exempted from the state's ban.
The high Saturday is expected to be about 92 degrees, and it will likely drop to 90 degrees Sunday and Monday.	The high today will be about 92 degrees and will drop to 90 degrees Sunday and Monday.
Gartner raised its own worldwide PC shipment forecast in August to 8.9 per cent growth for 2003, up from expectations of 7.2 per cent.	Gartner Inc. also raised its worldwide PC shipment forecast in August to 8.9 percent growth for 2003, up from expectations of 7.2 percent.
After more than two years' detention under the State Security Bureau, the four were found guilty of subversion in Beijing's No. 1 Intermediate Court last Wednesday.	After more than two years in detention by the State Security Bureau, the four were found guilty last Wednesday of subversion.
Genetic studies of ethnic groups raise concerns because of fears that they could be used or distorted to justify discrimination against a group or to promote stereotypes.	Geneticists cite fears that ethnic-based research would be used or distorted to justify discrimination against a group or to promote racial stereotypes.
General Huweirini, who has worked closely with the US, was wounded in the shooting on December 4, US officials said.	Huweirini, who has worked closely with U.S. officials, was wounded in an attack Dec. 4, the U.S. officials said.
Similar bills passed the House twice but died in the Senate.	Two years ago, the House passed a similar version that floundered in the Senate.
Mr Russell, 46, a coal miner from Brisbane, said: "They are obviously hurting, so we are basically going over there to help them."	"They are obviously hurting so we are basically going over there to help them," Russell, 46, said.
The New York Democrat and former first lady has said she will not run for the White House in 2004, but has not ruled out a race in later years.	The former first lady has said she will not run for the White House in 2004 but has not ruled out a race later on.
Other recall suits are pending in federal court.	There are three suits challenging the recall still pending in federal court.
Analysts have estimated the worth of the core properties at $10 billion-$15 billion.	Analysts have estimated that Vivendi Uni could fetch $12 billion-$14 billion for VUE.
A prosecutor says Dorchester County parents were responsible for the death of their a 6-year-old autistic son, whose body was found in a pond near the family home.	St George A prosecutor says a Dorchester County couple was responsible for the death of their 6-year-old autistic son whose body was found in a pond near the family home.
At least 7000 computers were affected by Parson's worm, Assistant US Attorney Paul Luehr said.	The FBI said at least 7000 computers were infected by Parson's software.
In Ventura County, the number of closings and advisories dropped by 73 percent, from 1,540 in 2001 to 416 last year.	The number of days when Texas beaches had swimming advisories dropped from 317 in 2001 to 182 last year.
It held elections in 1990, but refused to recognize the results after Suu Kyi's party won.	It held elections in 1990, but refused to recognise the results when Miss Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy won by a landslide.
The findings appear in next Friday's Physical Review Letters.	The findings will be reported Friday in the journal Physical Review Letters.
In Washington, the federal government remained closed for a second day.	The nation's capital was quiet today, with the federal government shut down for the second day.
Aquila is short of cash, and Avon bondholders at one point feared it may default on interest payments.	Avon bondholders have no recourse to Midlands's assets and at one point feared Aquila would default on interest payments.
The arrests came two days after Ken Livingstone, the London Mayor, claimed police and security services had foiled four terrorist attacks on the capital.	London Mayor Ken Livingstone announced over the weekend that police and security services had foiled four terrorist attacks on the capital.
In the evening, he asked for six pizzas and soda, which police delivered.	In the evening, he asked for six pepperoni pizzas and two six-packs of soft drinks, which officers delivered.
For the full 12-month period, high-speed cable modem connections increased by 49 percent.	For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent.
Even her request, decades later, to attend her father's funeral on the island was denied.	Years later, Cuba refused permission for her to attend her father's funeral.
Paul Durousseau, 30, was charged with murder in five Jacksonville slayings between December and February, and is also suspected of a 1997 Georgia killing.	Paul Durousseau, 30, was charged Tuesday with murder in five slayings between December and February, and also is suspected of a 1997 killing in the state of Georgia.
Mississippi placed among the bottom 10 states in 13 of the 17 measures.	Mississippi is among the bottom five states on nine other measures.
"We acted because we saw the evidence in a dramatic new light - through the prism of our experience on 9-11."	"We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of ... Sept. 11th."
The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.14, or 1.2 percent, to 931.41."	The Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York.
In 2002, spending on inpatient hospital care grew by 6.8 percent and the costs of outpatient hospital care rose by 14.6 percent, the study.	In 2002, spending on inpatient hospital care grew by 6.8 percent and that on outpatient hospital care by 14.6 percent.
This decision would "throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy," he said.	He added that the decision will "throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy."
The truck was later found parked near the Tacoma Mall about three miles away.	The Sonoma was later found near the Tacoma Cemetery, south of the Tacoma Mall.
Donations stemming from the Sept. 11 attacks helped push up contributions to human service organizations and large branches of the United Way by 15 percent and 28.6 percent, respectively.	Donations stemming from the Sept. 11 attacks helped push up contributions to human service organizations by 15 percent and to large branches of the United Way by 28.6 percent.
The WHO says the latest case does not fit its profile of SARS and is not a public health concern.	The WHO has said the Singapore case did not fit its profile of SARS and was "not an international public health concern."
For the week, the Russell 2000, the barometer of smaller company stocks, advanced 11.92, or 2.5 percent, closing at 497.42.	The Russell 2000 index, which tracks smaller company stocks, was up 1.02, or 0.21 percent, at 496.83.
In Chatsworth, 52km north-west of Los Angeles, residents of multimillion-dollar homes there were being told to begin gathering their belongings.	In Chatsworth, 32 miles northwest of Los Angeles, residents of multimillion-dollar homes there were told to gather their belongings.
Thompson ordered Moore to remove the monument within 30 days, but stayed that order pending Moore's appeal to the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.	On Dec. 19, he gave Moore 15 days to remove it, but a week later stayed his order pending Moore's appeal to the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
Her 92-year-old husband is now severely debilitated by Alzheimer's disease.	The 92-year-old former president is suffering from Alzheimer's disease.
Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will have to say about him at tonight's $2,000-per-person presidential fund-raiser.	Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will say at tonight's $2,000-per-person reception to raise funds for his presidential re-election bid.
In May, Mr. Hatfill said he was struck by a vehicle being driven by an FBI employee who was tailing him in Georgetown.	Last May, Hatfill was struck by a vehicle being driven by an FBI employee who was tailing him in Washington's Georgetown neighborhood.
To the caller who claimed to have found a mini-cassette from the space shuttle Columbia: NASA is extremely interested in talking to you, "no-questions-asked".	To the Sound-Off caller who said they found a mini-cassette from the space shuttle Columbia: NASA is extremely interested in talking to you on a "no-questions-asked" basis.
Also, hospital efforts to start "fever clinics" in parking lot tents to keep infectious patients out of emergency rooms are "moving along impressively," Dr. Roth said.	Dr. Roth also said that hospital efforts to start "fever clinics" in parking-lot tents to keep infectious patients out of emergency rooms were "moving along impressively."
His opinion contradicts one issued in 1992 by then-Attorney General Bob Stephan.	Kline's legal opinion differs from the interpretation issued by former Attorney General Bob Stephan in 1992.
You can use interactive features on the IRS Web site (www.irs.gov) to track refunds or advance child-credit payments.	Taxpayers unsure if they are owed refunds can use interactive features on the IRS Web site to track refunds or advance child credit payments.
"I will support a constitutional amendment which would honor marriage between a man and a woman, codify that," he said.	"If necessary, I will support a constitutional amendment which would honour marriage between a man and a woman, codify that."
That's one reason why I'm running to be president," he told a rally in New Hampshire.	"That's one reason why I'm running to be president of the United States."
The charges were dismissed in Franklin County Municipal Court.	Franklin County Municipal Court Judge Janet Grubb approved dismissal of the charges.
While JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance".	While JI has undoubted links with the terrorist group al-Qaeda, the report says the relationship "may be less one of subservience . . . than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance".
He told the jury Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer."	District Attorney Dave Lupas reminded jurors that Stubbs is, "a cold, calculating killer".
Three Cubans were executed for hijacking a Cuban ferry a day later, and six Cubans face trial in Key West in December over a March plane hijacking.	Three Cubans were executed for hijacking a Cuban ferry, and six more are scheduled to go on trial in Key West in December for a plane hijacking in March.
Helen Sharkey, 31, and Gene Foster, 44, pleaded guilty Tuesday to one count of conspiracy to commit securities fraud.	The two others, former Dynegy executives Helen Christine Sharkey, 31, and Gene Shannon Foster, 44, pleaded guilty Tuesday to one count of conspiracy to commit securities fraud.
The men were immediately flown to nearby Botswana on a chartered Air Malawi flight, Malawi intelligence officials said on condition of anonymity.	The men were flown to nearby Botswana on an Air Malawi flight, the officials said.
Hong Kong-based Phoenix TV quoted unnamed experts as saying launch will be between Oct. 10 and 17 and will carry two men.	The Web site of Hong Kong-based Phoenix TV quoted unnamed experts as saying it would happen between Oct. 10 and 17 and carry two men.
IBM of the US and Infineon Technologies of Germany will today announce a technological development that could threaten multi-billion dollar memory chip markets.	IBMof the US andInfineon Technologies of Germany willon Tuesdayannounce a technological development that could threaten multi-billion dollar memory chip markets.
He said firefighters had an advantage on the northern flank because of an existing firebreak dug during last year's fire north of Mount Lemmon.	Fire spokesman Gordon Gay said firefighters had an advantage on the northern flank because of burned areas from last year's Bullock fire.
Iraqi officials say the attacks are being carried out by what they call outsiders who slip into Falluja and attack at night.	Iraqi officials here insist that the attacks are being carried out by "outsiders" who slip into Fallujah and attack at night.
GM's offering is also expected to include about $3.5 billion in convertible securities.	GM is also expected to issue $3.5 billion via a convertible bond offering, market sources said.
At about 3 p.m. on Friday, a relative of Bondeson called police to report his apparent suicide.	Two hours later, at 3:22 p.m., a relative contacted police to report a suicide.
Nordstrom also is expanding its play area in the children's clothes area, adding salt-water fish tanks and activities.	Nordstrom also is expanding its play area in the children’s clothes area, adding salt-water fish tanks and activities for children while their parents shop.
Activists say they fear the gathering is an attempt by corporate farming to push bio-engineered crops on starving countries.	Instead, they fear the conference is an attempt by corporate farming and biotech interests to push into new markets.
Yesterday, Taiwan reported 35 new infections, bringing the total number of cases to 418.	The island reported another 35 probable cases yesterday, taking its total to 418.
A former employee of a local power company pleaded guilty Wednesday to setting off a bomb that knocked out a power substation during the Winter Olympics last year.	A former Utah Power meter reader pleaded guilty Wednesday to bombing a power substation during the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Additionally, early voting will be conducted from 1 to 6 p.m. Sept. 7.	Early voting will run weekdays from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. through Sept. 9.
He said that it would be ''very difficult'' to establish a cause of death.	Even with time, he said, "it's going to be very difficult to determine the cause of death."
He said the situation undermines efforts to win international co-operation in the war on terror.	He said the way the situation was being handled was undermining efforts to win international cooperation in the war on terror.
Once identified, remains of terrorists are immediately removed from the so-called memorial park, a temporary refrigerated storage facility on Manhattan.	Once identified, terrorist remains are immediately removed from the so-called memorial park, a temporary refrigerated storage facility on Manhattan where the unidentified remains are stored.
It’s just another example of the global war on terrorism and why this is going to be a long effort”.	It's just another example of the global war on terrorism and why this is going to be a long effort."
Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct. 1.	The FTC signed up 50 million phone numbers for the list, which was due to go into effect October 1.
By comparison, the proportion of people with a BMI of 50 or above increased by a factor of five — from about 1 in 2,000 to one in 400.	Those with a BMI of 50 or greater, sometimes called super obesity, increased by a factor of five, from one in 2,000 to one in 400.
"We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration," Reed said in a letter to the NYSE's 1,366 members.	"We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration," Reed said in his letter.
Plants still must abide by state and federal air-pollution laws, so there will not be an increase in smog, the administration argues.	Plants still must abide by state and federal air-pollution laws, so there won't necessarily be any increase in pollution, the administration argues.
"The fire calmed down considerably overnight, then it rained," said Andy Lyon, spokesman for the fire south of the city.	"The fire calmed down considerably overnight, then it rained," said Andy Lyon, spokesman for the Douglas County fire command center.
Earlier this month, Bremer called off a visit here, a move officials privately linked to U.S. uncertainty about the Kurdish issue.	Earlier this month, Mr. Bremer called off a visit, in a move that officials confided at the time was linked to uncertainty on the Kurdish situation.
The news will be announced Monday morning in Dallas at Tech Ed 2003 during a keynote by Paul Flessner, senior vice president of Microsoft's Server Platform Division.	The plan is expected be disclosed Monday morning at Tech Ed 2003 during a keynote by Paul Flessner, senior vice president of Microsoft's Server Platform Division.
Auditors acknowledged the auditors did not look at priests' personnel files.	The auditors, for example, did not have access to church personnel files.
But U.S. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed.	But American troops will not shrink from mounting raids in the locations of their foes that can be pinpointed.
Responding to speculation that she was ready to retire, Justice Sandra Day O'Connor indicated today that she would serve out the next term of the Supreme Court.	Justice Sandra Day O'Connor said today that she would serve out the next term of the Supreme Court, dismissing speculation that she was ready to retire.
"We are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of outside professionals," she said in the statement.	Strong Financial released a statement Wednesday night: "We are in the process of a thorough internal review.
Senator Hill appeared completely unaware of the issue, which has been of serious concern to US, Australian and British intelligence officers.	But Senator Hill appeared unaware of the intelligence problems that have been of serious concern to US, Australian and British military intelligence officers.
Judge Craig Doran said it wasn't his role to determine if Hovan was "an evil man" but maintained that "he has committed an evil act."	Judge Craig Doran said he couldn't determine if Hovan was "an evil man" but said he "has committed an evil act."
Doctors have speculated that the body's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.	Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.
Officials said one provision in the Senate-passed measure accounted for $40 billion over 10 years in the CBO calculation.	The budget office said one provision of the Senate bill accounted for $40 billion of the cost.
Indeed, prior defense filings said Moussaoui contended he was part of a post-Sept. 11 operation outside the United States.	Previous defense filings said Moussaoui was to be part of an operation outside the United States.
Telemarketers argue that there is no logical link between the registry's limited scope and advancing that interest.	Lawyers for the telemarketers said there was no logical connection between the registry's limited scope and advancing that interest.
The North Shore Long Island Jewish Health System in New York announced plans for a tissue bank this month.	North Shore-Long Island Jewish Health System announced plans for a tissue bank earlier this month.
The tone was set by President Hu, the 60-year-old who became the Communist Partys general secretary in November last year and then the countrys president in March this year.	The tone was set by Hu, 60, who became the Communist Party's general secretary last November and then the country's president this March.
The United States only agreed to let the agency back into Iraq after repeated warnings by IAEA chief Mohamed ElBaradei.	Washington only agreed to let the U.N. mission into Iraq after repeated warnings by IAEA chief Mohamed ElBaradei.
After that process is completed, it will take an additional six to eight months to refurbish the center, Day said.	After that, it will take six to eight months more to refurbish the center, said Thomas Day, vice president of engineering for the Postal Service.
Smith said simply "Oh, my God," in the seconds afterward, according to Weinshall.	In the seconds after the crash, she added, Captain Smith said simply, "Oh my God."
Appellate courts across the country have issued differing rulings on the issue, allowing public displays of the Ten Commandments in some cases and banning them in others.	Lower courts have splintered on the issue, allowing depictions of the Ten Commandments in some instances and not in others.
The acquisition is expected to close by the end of the month.	The deal is expected to close later this month.
An evaluation suggested there was no overall net clinical benefit in patients receiving the drug in the study, the companies said in a statement distributed by Business Wire.	An evaluation of 240 arthritis patients suggested there was no overall net clinical benefit from taking the medicine, the companies said in a statement distributed by Business Wire.
It also offers a built-in NAND flash boot loader so that high-density NAND flash memory can be used without having to install an additional support chip.	The S3C2440 has a built-in NAND flash boot loader, for example, so that high-density NAND flash memory can be installed without an additional support chip.
Meat giant Smithfield Foods Inc. has won a bidding war to buy a bankrupt Midwestern pork producer.	Pork processing giant Smithfield Foods Inc. said Monday that it won the bidding in an auction for bankrupt Farmland Industries Inc.'s pork business.
More than 100 officers launched the raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine import and money laundering ring.	More than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang.
October gasoline prices settled 1.47 cents lower at 78.70 cents a gallon.	October heating oil ended down 0.41 cent to 70.74 cents a gallon.
"We don't have new places to check," said Steve Anderson, a Waco public-information officer.	"We don't have new places to check," Waco public information officer Steve Anderson said.
"It's a terrible tragedy, people who were on the way home, all of a sudden, taken from us," Bloomberg said at a dockside news conference.	"People who were on their way home, all of a sudden taken from us," Mr. Bloomberg said of the collision.
Moose frequently criticizes reporters and news organizations in the book, especially those that reported on leaks from investigators.	He frequently criticizes the press, especially reporters and news organizations that reported on leaks from investigators.
The indictment charges that Mzoudi was involved in preparations for the attack until the end and was aware of and supported the attackers' violent goals.	Prosecutors say Mzoudi was involved in the preparations for the attack until the final moment and that he was aware of and supported the attackers' violent goals.
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."	"I think there's a building confidence that the cop is on the beat."
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley, in his 30th year teaching, makes $65,000.	A nationally board-certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes $65,000 in his 30th year.
Called "Taxpayers Against the Recall," it was to be launched Wednesday afternoon outside a Sacramento fire station.	The new effort, Taxpayers Against the Recall, will be formally launched today outside a Sacramento fire station.
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy dissented in an opinion joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.	He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.
The findings were published in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine.	The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine.
All five suspects were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.	The teens are being held on charges of robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer, sources said.
No rabies vaccine is available for humans in Zimbabwe and if it was it would be too expensive for most bitten by infected dogs.	Health professionals say there is no rabies vaccine for humans in Zimbabwe and, even if it was available, it is too expensive for most bitten by infected dogs.
India blamed that and other attacks on Pakistan-based militants fighting Indian rule in Kashmir, its only Muslim-majority state.	India has also in the past blamed Pakistan-based militants fighting Indian rule in Kashmir, its only Muslim-majority state, for bombs and other attacks.
However, several ministers from more developed APEC economies have said failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself.	More developed APEC members say failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself.
Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi must be counting his lucky stars.	Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi has all but popped the champagne bottle.
"This legislation benefits the entire state of Illinois, every town, every city, every citizen," Blagojevich told the crowd of political heavyweights at O'Hare.	"The legislation I'm proud to sign today benefits the entire state of Illinois, every town, every city, every citizen.
It will be followed in November by a third movie, "The Matrix Revolutions."	The film is the second of a trilogy, which will wrap up in November with "The Matrix Revolutions."
Malpractice victims say limits on damage payouts make it less likely lawyers will take cases, meaning access to justice could be denied.	Limits on damages make it less likely lawyers will take expensive cases, meaning access to justice is denied, they say.
But butterflies exposed to an earlier light cycle, from 1am to 1pm, orientated themselves towards the south-east.	But butterflies housed under an earlier light cycle, 1 a.m. to 1 p.m., flew toward the southeast.
Hearing was partially restored by an electronic ear implant.	An electronic implant has helped Limbaugh regain most of his hearing.
Three no votes would kill it for now.	It would take three votes to kill the ACC's expansion.
Massachusetts regulators and the Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday pressed securities fraud charges against Putnam Investments and two of its former portfolio managers for alleged improper mutual fund trading.	State and federal securities regulators filed civil charges against Putnam Investments and two portfolio managers in the ever-expanding mutual fund trading scandal.
Tehran has made clear it will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted.	Tehran has made it clear it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted.
Selenski's partner in the jailbreak, Scott Bolton, injured his ankle, pelvis and ribs during the escape attempt, Warden Gene Fischi said.	Selenski's partner in the Friday jailbreak, Scott Bolton, was injured in the escape and hospitalized.
Before Sunday, 19 firefighters assigned to wildfires had died on duty this year, according to Tracey Powers of the National Interagency Fire Center in Boise.	Before yesterday, 19 firefighters assigned to wildfires had died on duty this year, said Tracey Powers, spokeswoman for the National Interagency Fire Center in Boise.
Putin hailed Saudi Arabia as ``one of the most important Muslim nations.	Before the meeting, Putin said Russia regards Saudi Arabia as a key Muslim state.
Naim al-Goud, mayor of Hit, said people from outside his region were ``doing this sabotage against the lines.	Naim al-Goud, the newly appointed mayor of Hit, said people from outside his region attacked the pipeline.
During the flight, engineers misjudged the extent of the damage, and even during that period they lamented that the liftoff photography was poor.	During the flight, engineers underestimated the extent of the damage, and even then lamented that the liftoff photography was so poor.
The woman, Mary Kathryn Miller, 55, was arrested by the state police on Nov. 20 and charged with first-degree larceny.	Mary Kathryn Miller, 55, of 27 Devon Road, Darien, was arrested Nov. 20 by state police and charged with first-degree larceny.
He is blocking them until the Air Force assigns four additional C-130 cargo planes to Gowen Field, an Idaho Air National Guard base in Boise.	He is holding them up until the Air Force agrees to assign four additional C-130 cargo planes to the Idaho Air National Guard.
Stocks have rallied sharply for more than three months in anticipation of a rebound in the second half of the year.	Stocks have rallied sharply for more than three months in anticipation of an economic rebound in the year's second half.
Druce will face murder charges, Conte said.	Conte said Druce will be charged with murder.
"We're a quiet, peaceful town of 862 people and nothing ever happens," said Carolyn Greene Bennett, Cedar Grove's town recorder.	"We're a quiet, peaceful town of 862 people and nothing ever happens," Bennett said.
"This deal makes good sense for both companies," said Brian L. Halla, National's chairman, president and CEO.	"This deal makes sense for both companies," Halla said in a prepared statement.
Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales.	In response to sluggish sales, Cisco pared spending.
Three retailers Dillards Inc., Kohls Department Stores and Nordstrom Inc. got Fs.	Three retailers _ Dillard's Inc., Kohl's Department Stores and Nordstrom Inc. _ got Fs.
It's a task that would challenge even the sharpest of computer geeks: set up a hacker-proof computer network for 190,000 government workers across the country fighting terrorism.	It would be a daunting challenge for even the sharpest programming wizards: set up a secure computer network for the 190,000 workers in the Homeland Security Department.
"Of course I want to win again but I think it's worse when you've never won, because you are so anxious to win."	"Of course, I want to win again, but I think it's worse when you have never won because you get anxious.
The operating revenues were $1.45 billion, an increase over last year's result of $1.38 billion.	Operating revenues rose to $1.45 billion from $1.38 billion last year.
My decision today is not based on any one event."	Governor Rowland said his decision was "not based on any one event."
As envisioned by Breaux, the government would help pay for the first $3,450 in prescription drug costs.	Breaux outlined a plan Tuesday that would give seniors help with the first $3,450 in prescription drug costs.
Romanian port authorities said two ships that sank during World War II had resurfaced as water levels fell and could block river traffic.	Port authorities in Romania said two ships that sank during World War II but resurfaced due to low water levels could block river traffic.
Grant also has been elected to Monsanto's board of directors, the company said in a statement.	Grant, a 22-year Monsanto veteran, also has been elected to the company's board of directors, Monsanto said in a statement.
With more and more Bluetooth-equipped cellular phones coming onto the market, "people are going to be sorry if they didn't buy a PDA with Bluetooth," he said.	With increasing numbers of Bluetooth-equipped mobile phones coming onto the market, "people are going to be sorry if they didn't buy a PDA with Bluetooth," he said.
By the time the two-term president left office in 1989, the Navy had nearly 600 ships - about twice the ships it has today.	By the time that Reagan left office in 1989, the Navy had nearly 600 ships - about twice the number that it has today.
"Ms. Stewart is being prosecuted not because of who she is, but because of what she did," Comey said.	"Martha Stewart is not being prosecuted for who she is but for what she did."
Nelson,27, is being retried on civil-rights charges stemming from the disturbance which led to Rosenbaum's death.	Nelson, 27, is being retried on civil rights charges stemming from the disturbance that led to Rosenbaum's death.
Asked about other possible attacks, Roberts said: "I don't think there's any question about it that . . . they're going to be very global in nature.	Asked about other possible attacks, Roberts said: “I don’t think there’s any question about it that they’re going to be very global in nature.
No team has overcome a 3-1 deficit in the NBA Finals, and the New Jersey Nets don't want to try their luck at such a daunting task."	No team has overcome a 3-1 deficit in the NBA Finals, and the New Jersey Nets don't want to try their luck at it.
The budget analysis comes as negotiations between the City Council and the Bloomberg administration heat up.	Budget negotiations between the mayor and the City Council are entering high gear.
Taupo was guiding her owner Paul Kibblewhite, 62, on a three-day walk with a tramping party of eight.	Taupo had been leading Mr Kibblewhite, 62, of Rotorua, on a three-day walk with a tramping party of eight.
Handset market share for the second quarter, it said, is higher than the first quarter.	Nokia's market share for the second quarter is estimated to be higher than the first quarter, 2003."
Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, the study found.	"Whereas long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks, now they are lucky to catch one," Myers said.
By contrast, the Senate-passed prescription drug plan requires seniors to pay 50 percent of drug costs, with a $275 deductible each year.	Under the House-passed plan, seniors would pay 20 percent of drug costs, plus a $250 deductible annually.
Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	Canada will not consider sending more troops to Afghanistan until its current 12-month peacekeeping mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said Saturday.
Data showed Italian business confidence slipped to its lowest level in 16 months in May, aiding rate cut expectations.	On Tuesday, figures also showed Italian business confidence slipped again in May to its lowest level in 16 months, doing nothing to discourage rate cut expectations.
He said Qantas would also cut capital spending by retiring some aircraft and deferring delivery of some new planes.	It would also further reduce capital expenditure by retiring some aircraft and delaying the delivery of new places.
Dylan Baker and Lindsay Frost play her parents, Ed and Lois Smart.	Lindsay Frost and Dylan Baker played Elizabeth Smart's parents.
Palm expects to move Handspring's employees to Palm Solutions headquarters in Milpitas, Calif.	Handspring employees are expected to move to Palm Solutions Group headquarters in Milpitas, Calif.
He also said he advised his grown-up children not to run up credit card debts.	Barclays chief executive Matt Barrett also said he had advised his children never to use credit cards.
Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.	Some women also express concern about a society in which more people than ever are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
Normally, congressional districts are redrawn by state legislatures every 10 years to reflect population changes recorded in the U.S. census.	Normally, redistricting is done every 10 years based on population changes in the census.
Two area lawmakers said Democrats might entice some Republicans to support a tax hike.	Two Inland Valley lawmakers revealed it might be possible for Democrats to entice some Republicans to support a tax hike.
Two of Collins' top assistants will consult with state police during the investigation and determine if any federal laws were violated, he said Friday.	U.S. Attorney Jeffrey Collins also said two of his assistants will consult with state police during the investigation and determine if any federal laws were broken.
Food and Drug Administration (news - web sites) Commissioner Mark McClellan said Kraft's initiative could start an important trend.	U.S. Food and Drug Administration Commissioner Mark McClellan said Kraft's could start an important trend.
Now, for the first time, those without Internet access can sign up with a single phone call.	Now, for the first time, those without Internet access can sign up by phone by making a single toll-free call to (888) 382-1222.
Initial reports said the attackers fired from a mosque within in the city, 30 miles west of Baghdad.	The Centcom statement said the gunmen appeared to have fired from a mosque in the city, 50 km (32 miles) west of Baghdad.
Dan Powers, vice president of grid computing strategy at IBM Corp., says he's not worried about such off-the-shelf PC clusters threatening sales of traditional supercomputers.	Dan Powers, IBM vice president of grid-computing strategy, says he's not worried about off-the-shelf PC clusters threatening traditional supercomputer sales.
Next Monday at about 2 p.m. (CST), hospital officials in and near Chicago will notice a sudden increase in people complaining of flu-like symptoms.	Around the same time, hospital officials in and near Chicago will notice a sudden increase in people complaining of flu-like symptoms.
Four people were found shot to death along a highway Tuesday morning and three others were wounded in a possible dispute involving immigrant smuggling, officials said.	Four people were found shot to death along a highway Tuesday and four others were wounded in a dispute that apparently involved immigrant smugglers, officials said.
The subjects were next given a squirt up the nose of a rhinovirus, the nasty little germ that causes colds.	Following their assessment, each volunteer received a squirt in the nose of rhinovirus the germ that causes colds.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc., Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc. and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
It will be the first handset to ship with the Smartphone 2003 version of Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT)  Windows Mobile software, the mobile operator said.	According to the company, it will be the first handset to ship with the Smartphone 2003 version of Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT)  Windows Mobile software.
Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research had been looking for, on average, revenue of $723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share.	Analysts surveyed by First Call were expecting sales of $723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share.
PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway has described Oracle's $5.1 billion bid as "atrociously bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrociously bad behaviour".	Conway called the move "atrociously bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrociously bad behaviour."
Hernandez has been treated for breast cancer, and Moore suffers from non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.	Hernandez had breast cancer and Moore is being treated for non-Hodgkins lymphoma.
Peterson, a former fertilizer salesman, is charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and the baby boy she was carrying.	Peterson, 31, is now charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and their unborn son.
In a landmark ruling yesterday, the Court of Appeals ordered the Legislature and Gov. George Pataki to fix the funding system by July 30, 2004.	In the landmark ruling regarding New York City schools, the Court of Appeals ordered the Legislature and Gov. George Pataki to fix the funding system by July 30, 2004.
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $1.15.	Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $1.15.
The House would limit the increases to troops serving in Iraq and Afghanistan, not to those supporting the nation's war efforts from bases outside the combat zone.	The House would limit the increases to those troops in the Iraq and Afghanistan combat zones, but not troops supporting those war efforts from bases outside the combat zone.
The attack by the three militant groups took place here at Erez, the main border crossing between Israel and Gaza.	The attack took place under cover of fog at the Erez crossing on the border between Israel and the Gaza Strip.
He attends football training for three hours a day to accelerate the healing process, and has lost 17 kilograms since October.	Mr Hughes, who trains three hours a day to accelerate the healing process, has lost 17 kilos since October.
The chip also features an updated LongRun power and heat management system.	It also features Nvidia's own PowerMizer power management system.
On Monday, a suicide bomber blew himself up near the United Nations compound here, killing a security guard as well as himself.	On Monday, a suicide car bomber blew himself up close to the United Nations compound in Baghdad, also killing a security guard.
The company claims it's the largest single Apple VAR Xserve sale to date.	The company claimed it is the largest sale of Xserves by an Apple retailer.
With the Fourth of July weekend approaching, state parks such as the Spruce Run Recreation Area in Union Township will be open.	With the Fourth of July weekend approaching, state parks such as Parvin State Park in Salem County will be open.
The 2001 recession is considered short and shallow relative to the nine others since World War II, which averaged 11 months.	The most recent recession was short and shallow relative to the nine others, averaging 11 months, that occurred since World War II.
Seven of the nine major Democratic presidential candidates were to address the forum last night.	Seven Democratic presidential candidates have arranged to address the group, according to The Associated Press.
On the Mediterranean coast of neighboring Turkey, Iraqi, U.S. and Turkish officials gathered in the port of Ceyhan for a ceremony launching the shipment.	In neighboring Turkey, Iraqi, U.S. and Turkish officials gathered at the Mediterranean port of Ceyhan for a ceremony launching the shipment.
"We're optimistic we can deliver the vaccine to these people in time to do good," said Dr. David Fleming of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.	"We're optimistic we can deliver the vaccine to these people in time to do good," said Dr. David Fleming, the CDC's deputy director for Public Health and Science.
"Only 1pc of those taking the drug worldwide have contracted ILD as a result," she said.	AstraZeneca says just 1pc of people of those taking the drug worldwide have suffered serious consequences.
Rescue workers arriving to February's deadly fire at a West Warwick nightclub met a horrific scene, as people trapped in the club's doorway screamed for help.	Rescue workers arriving at February's deadly nightclub fire met a horrific scene, as people trapped in the club's doorway screamed for help, rescue tapes released Thursday show.
Detectives told Deasean's father, Stelly Chisolm, a college student, and mother, Kimberly Hill, of the arrest shortly after Perry was apprehended.	Shortly after his arrest, detectives told Deasean's father, Stelly Chisolm, a college student, and mother, Kimberly Hill, a medical assistant, about the development.
Subway and bus fares rose 33 percent, from $1.50 to $2, on May 4, while tickets on suburban trains rose an average 25 percent May 1.	Subway and bus fares rose 33 percent, from $1.50 to $2, on May 4, while average 25 percent increases took effect May 1 on suburban trains.
Atlanta's Hartsfield International Airport will test a nationwide security system that will collect fingerprints and take photographs of millions of foreign visitors each year.	Atlanta's Hartsfield International Airport will be the testing site next month for a nationwide security system that will collect fingerprints and take photographs of millions of foreign visitors each year.
These plans would offer preventive health coverage as well as protection against catastrophic health-care expenses, neither of which is currently available under the government-run program.	The latter would offer preventive health coverage as well as protection against unexpected healthcare expenses, neither of which is currently available under Medicare.
They were among about 40 people attending the traditional Jewish ceremony colored by some non-traditional touches.	He said about 40 people attended the traditional Jewish ceremony colored by some nontraditional touches.
Notes: Cabrera, at 20 years, 63 days, is the second-youngest player to debut with the Marlins.	Noteworthy: Cabrera became the second-youngest player to debut for the Marlins -- 20 years and 63 days.
The number of injured dropped to 2.92 million in 2002 from 3.03 million a year earlier.	At the same time, the number of injuries dropped, from 3.03 million in 2001 to 2.92 million in 2002.
Who will succeed Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai is not clear.	There is no clear successor for Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai.
U.S. District Judge Denny Chin said Fox's claim was "wholly without merit, both factually and legally."	"This case is wholly without merit, both factually and legally," Chin said.
Stack said he did no work for Triumph until 1999, when a grand jury began investigating Silvester.	Stack testified that he was not asked to do any work for Triumph until June 1999, after a grand jury investigating Silvester subpoenaed Triumph.
The chipset will operate in the 2.4-GHz band, and features radio signal interference prevention and low power consumption.	The 2.4 GHz radio frequency chipset features radio interference protection and low power consumption.
It has been named Colymbosathon ecplecticos, which means "astounding swimmer with a large penis".	He and colleagues named it Colymbosathon ecplecticos, which means "swimmer with a large penis."
Oracle shares were also higher, trading up 12 cents at $13.60.	Shares of Redwood Shores-based Oracle rose 14 cents to $13.62.
The company must either pay NTP the $53.7-million or post a bond with the court pending the appeal, Mr. Wallace said.	RIM must either pay NTP the $53.7 million or post a bond with the court pending the appeal.
Taiwan had been relatively free of the viral infection until a fiasco at a Taipei hospital in late April caused the number of infections to skyrocket.	Taiwan had been relatively free of the viral infection until a severe outbreak at a Taipei hospital in late April.
"The idea of a federal betting parlor on atrocities and terrorism is ridiculous and it's grotesque," said Wyden.	Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., said the "idea of a federal betting parlor on atrocities and terrorism is ridiculous and grotesque," WBAL reported.
"I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks," Dean said Friday in a telephone interview from New Hampshire.	"I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks," he told The Des Moines Register.
Without the fleet, NASA has relied on the Russian space program to rotate crew members for the International Space Station and to send supplies to the orbiting laboratory.	Without the shuttle fleet, NASA is relying on the Russian space program to rotate crew members on the International Space Station and send new supplies to the orbiting laboratory.
At least 29 American troops have been killed in action since Bush declared major combat over on May 1.	Some three dozen American and British troops have been killed since Bush declared major combat over in Iraq on May 1.
Another piece would be sent to the lab in Virginia for additional testing, Conte said.	Another piece of the suit will be sent to Virginia for more testing, Conte said.
Some Boston managers are concerned that banning smoking will create safety hazards as groups of smokers huddle outside bars and nightclubs.	Some Boston bar managers said they worry that banning smoking will create a hazard as groups of smokers huddle outside on sidewalks and in parking lots to smoke.
Park rangers searched an abandoned lighthouse on Monomoy yesterday, but found no sign of them, said Stuart Smith, the Chatham harbormaster.	Park rangers searched an abandoned lighthouse on Monomoy yesterday afternoon, but there was no sign of the two women, said Chatham Harbormaster Stuart Smith.
A total of 32 U.S. soldiers have been killed in attacks since May 1, when President Bush declared the end of major hostilities in Iraq.	Thirty-two U.S. soldiers have been killed in Iraq since President Bush declared major combat over on May 1.
He was sentenced to five years in prison at at Kingston Crown Court yesterday after pleading guilty to the attempted abduction of a teenager.	Former postal worker, Douglas Lindsell, was sentenced yesterday at Kingston Crown Court after pleading guilty to attempting to abduct a young girl.
Mr. Rowland attended a party in South Windsor for the families of Connecticut National Guard soldiers called to active duty.	Rowland was making an appearance at a holiday party for families of Connecticut National Guard soldiers assigned to duty in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Doctors say one or both boys may die, and that some brain damage is possible if they survive.	Doctors said that one or both of the boys may die and that if they survive, some brain damage is possible.
His protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia.	His protest triggered a 47-hour standoff with police that led to huge traffic jams as commuters backed up in downtown Washington and Northern Virginia.
The agency could not say when the tape was made, though the voice says he is speaking on June 14.	The agency could put no exact date on the tape, though the voice says he is speaking on June 14.
"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilization," Mr. Powell told his colleagues in a speech today.	"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilization," Mr. Powell said in a speech to fellow NATO ministers.
PeopleSoft, of Pleasanton, California, said the deal would increase its 2004 earnings, excluding amortization and other items.	But PeopleSoft said the new deal should add to its 2004 earnings, excluding amortization and other items.
An 18-month run for it in Toronto was originally planned as part of a North American tour.	When we opened here, we originally planned an 18-month run as a part of a North American tour.
Cmdr. Rod Gibbons, an academy spokesman, said, "The academy is shocked and saddened.	Naval Academy spokesman Cmdr. Rod Gibbons said: ``Today's announcement came as a surprise.
They calculate that one-third of those taking the drug would gain an average of 11 years of life, free of cardiovascular disease.	Still, the scientists said, a third of those taking it would benefit, gaining an average of 11 years free of cardiovascular disease.
"We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place," declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).	"We don't want to stand by and see a credit card lynching take place," he said.
The problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again.	He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.
In a conference call with reporters, RNC Chairman Ed Gillespie said he sent the request to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves.	Republican National Committee Chairman Ed Gillespie issued a letter Friday to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves.
And Forrester forecasts that on-demand movie distribution will generate $1.4bn by 2005, while revenue from DVDs and tapes will decline by eight per cent.	On-demand movie distribution will generate $1.4 billion by 2005, and revenue from DVDs and tapes will decline 8 percent, Forrester predicted.
The Ministry of Defence is facing a 20m compensation claim from hundreds of Kenyan women who claim they were raped by British soldiers.	Hundreds of Kenyan women claiming they were attacked and raped by British soldiers were granted government legal aid Wednesday to pursue their case against the Ministry of Defense.
The results were released at Tuesday's meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and will be published in Thursday's New England Journal of Medicine.	The study results were released at a meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and also will be published in tomorrow's issue of The New England Journal of Medicine.
Music mogul Simon Cowell's latest project, a reality TV dating show called Cupid, airs in the US on Wednesday.	Music mogul Simon Cowell's new TV dating show has made its debut in the US.
The defeat of the ninth seed Daniela Hantuchova on Wednesday was the only thing to disrupt an otherwise orderly second round in Serena Williams's half of the women's draw.	The defeat of the ninth seed Daniela Hantuchova on Wednesday was the only thing to disrupt the otherwise orderly second-round progress in the Serena Williams half of the women's draw.
Nearly 2,000 pages of transcripts were ordered to be made public after a legal action by the New York Times.	The emotional communications were made public after a legal skirmish between the authority and The New York Times.
"We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of ... Sept. 11th."	"We acted because we saw the evidence in a dramatic new light, through the prism of our experience on 9/11."
On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.	The foreign bits are recognized by other cells that realize it is infected and kill it.
Unilever Bestfoods said Wednesday it would strip trans fats from its I Can't Believe It's Not Butter spreads by the middle of next year.	Unilever Bestfoods said its "I Can't Believe It's Not Butter' margarine spreads will be free of trans fat by next year.
Deasean and Walker, a resident of nearby Barbey Street, were rushed to Brookdale Hospital Medical Center, where they died about 6 p.m., O'Brien said.	Both shooting victims were rushed to Brookdale University Hospital Medical Center, where they died a short time later.
More than 6,000 companies must get shareholders' approval before granting their executives options and other stock compensation packages, the Securities and Exchange Commission said Monday.	Companies trading on the biggest stock markets must get shareholder approval before granting stock options and other equity compensation under rules cleared yesterday by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Blair's Foreign Secretary Jack Straw was to take his place on Monday to give a statement to parliament on the European Union.	Blair's office said his Foreign Secretary Jack Straw would take his place on Monday to give a statement to parliament on the EU meeting the prime minister attended last week.
Mr Goh on his part, described the visit as especially important - given the SARS situation.	Mr Goh said that it was 'especially important given the Sars situation in Singapore'.
It is publishing the studies in the July issue of its Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology.	The reports are among several published this week in the Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology.
"This blackout was largely preventable," U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said at a briefing on the report.	"This blackout was largely preventable," said Spencer Abraham, US energy secretary.
The two powerful men also disagree about ethanol (sacred in Iowa) and authorizing oil and gas drilling in Alaska's wildlife refuge.	They also disagree over ethanol - sacred in Iowa - and on authorizing oil and gas drilling in Alaskas wildlife refuge.
"There were more people surrounding the clubhouse than the Unabomber's house up in the hills," Baker said.	"There are more people surrounding the clubhouse than surrounded the Unabomber's home in the hills.
Blair took over the Labour Party when his predecessor John Smith died of a heart attack in 1994.	Mr Blair became Labour leader in 1994 after the then leader, John Smith, died of a heart attack.
"The actions reflect our strong forward momentum as we intensify our business focus and work to achieve profitability."	The actions reflect our strong forward momentum as we intensify our business focus and work to achieve profitability," said Katsumi Ihara, president of Sony Ericsson.
Charles O. Prince, 53, was named as Mr. Weill's successor.	Mr. Weill's longtime confidant, Charles O. Prince, 53, was named as his successor.
What's more, Mr. O'Neill said that he hoped Hyundai would sell one million vehicles annually in the United States by 2010.	That wasn't all: by 2010, Mr. O'Neill said, he hoped Hyundai would sell 1 million vehicles annually in the United States.
State Sen. Vi Simpson, former state and national Democratic chairman Joe Andrew are seeking the Democratic nomination.	Leading Democratic candidates are former state and national Democratic Chairman Joe Andrew and State Sen. Vi Simpson, Ellettsville.
It recommended that consideration be given to making the job of CIA director a career post instead of a political appointment.	It suggests that Congress consider making the CIA director a professional position, rather than a political appointment.
Officials are also meeting with the International Organization for Epizootics (OIE), which establishes animal-health standards for the world.	Canadian officials were also expected to meet yesterday with the International Organization for Epizootics (OIE), which establishes animal-health standards for the world.
Pope John Paul has health problems but is still at the helm of the Roman Catholic Church, the pope's top aide has told Reuters.	Pope John Paul has health problems but is firmly in charge of the Roman Catholic Church, the pope's top aide told Reuters on Friday.
Kempenaers said some species are still faithful, notably swans and sea birds such as the albatross, which mate for life and are never unfaithful to their partners.	Kempenaers said fidelity still exists in some species, notably swans and sea birds such as the albatross that mate for life and are never unfaithful to their partners.
US troops encountered fire from rocket-propelled grenades, mortars, and small arms coming from bunkers and buildings.	The U.S. troops encountered fire from rocket propelled grenades, mortars and small arms originating from bunkers as well as within and atop surrounding buildings.
HCA Inc. , the largest U.S. hospital chain, dropped $2.21, or 5.8 percent, to $36.14.	HCA Inc. (nyse: HCA - news - people), the largest U.S. hospital chain, dropped $1.21, or 3.2 percent, to $37.14.
They said they were not advocating the changes yet, but believed they are worth considering — especially as NATO expands to 26 members.	The sponsors said they were not advocating the changes yet, but believed it was worth considering - especially as NATO expands to 26 members.
They were identified as Abdul Azi Haji Thiming and Muhammad Jalaludin Mading of Thailand, and Esam Mohammed Khidr Ali of Egypt.	The three men charged with terrorism have been identified as Abdul Azi Haji Thiming and Muhammad Jalaludin Mading of Thailand, and Esam Mohammed Khidr Ali of Egypt.
In 2001 and 2002, wire transfers from 4 of the company's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion, prosecutors said.	Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said.
Elsewhere, European stocks were barely changed but within a few points of year highs.	Elsewhere, European stocks slipped from their highs but stayed within a few points of year highs.
The only other JI member to reveal similar information is Omar al Faruq, now held at a secret location by the United States.	The only other JI member to reveal similar information is Omar al Faruq, now held by the United States at a secret location.
"Prime Minister Abbas, we are facing a new opportunity today, a better future for both peoples," Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said after Tuesday's meeting.	"Prime Minister Abbas, we are facing a new opportunity today, a better future for both peoples," Mr Sharon said.
Random testing of security procedures should also take place.	Security assessments of these facilities should take place every three years.
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.	But the officials later revised the numbers and said about 250 had been arrested at some 60 stores.
The Midwestern research center will focus on the development of diagnostic, therapeutic and vaccine products for anthrax, botulism, tularemia, hemorrhagic fever viruses and plague.	The Midwestern center will focus on diagnosis, treatment and vaccines for anthrax, botulism, tularemia, hemorrhagic fever viruses and plague.
The hearing is to determine whether there is enough evidence to order Akbar to a general court-martial proceeding.	The purpose of the hearing is to determine whether Akbar should be court-martialled.
As frequently happens to a company making a major acquisition, PeopleSoft's shares dropped during yesterday's trading, decreasing $1.42 to close at $14.97.	As frequently happens to a company making a major acquisition, PeopleSoft's shares dropped in Monday's trading, decreasing 87 cents to $15.52 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
About 400 of those taken into custody were charged with manufacturing or distributing child pornography on the Internet.	The largest number of arrests, about 400, were on charges of manufacturing or distributing child pornography on the Internet.
Ninety-five percent of international cargo to the United States is carried by ship.	Ships carry 95 percent of international cargo to the United States.
One Republican sent out a flier this week citing a 3.8-percent increase in the S&P 500 stock index since passage of the tax cuts in May.	One Republican flier cited a 3.8 percent increase in the S&P 500 stock index since passage of the tax cuts in May.
P&G officials later concluded that the better approach was to split up the contracts to avoid reliance on just one contractor.	P&G officials decided it would be wiser to split the contracts to avoid reliance on a sole contractor.
Under the NBC proposal, Vivendi would merge its U.S. film and TV business with NBC's broadcast network, Spanish-language network and cable channels including CNBC and Bravo.	Under a deal with General Electric's NBC, Vivendi's film and TV business would merge with NBC's broadcast network, Spanish- language network and cable channels including CNBC and Bravo.
Belgium said Saturday it has decided to scrap a controversial war crimes law which has seen cases launched against President Bush and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.	Belgium said yesterday that it has decided to scrap a war crimes law used to launch cases against President Bush and Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel.
"His comments were extremely inappropriate and the decision was an easy one," MSNBC spokesman Jeremy Gaines said.	"Savage made an extremely inappropriate comment and the decision to cancel the program was not difficult," MSNBC spokesman Jeremy Gaines said.
Already, the impact of Chinas moves is sending ripples through the region.	Already, China's moves are sending ripples through the region.
He also had management jobs at three space centers before being named director of Stennis.	Parsons held engineering management positions at three space centers before being named director of the Stennis center last August.
News that oil producers were lowering their output starting in November exacerbated a sell-off that was already under way on Wall Street.	News that the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries was lowering output starting in November exacerbated a stock sell-off already under way yesterday.
Chi-Chi's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2 - two months after it voluntarily closed following initial reports of the disease.	Chi-Chi's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2 -- two months after it voluntarily closed when the disease was first reported.
The Commerce ruling Tuesday will impose a 44.71 percent tariff on dynamic random access memory semiconductors (DRAMS) made by Hynix Semiconductor Inc.	The Commerce Department imposed a 44.71 percent tariff on dynamic random access memory semiconductors, or DRAMS, made by Hynix Semiconductor Inc.
They note that after several weeks of rallies on upbeat earnings, investors are looking for stronger evidence of a recovery before sending stocks higher.	After several weeks of market rallies on upbeat earnings, many investors are looking for more concrete signs of an economic recovery.
Shares of Mattel were down 13 cents to $19.72 on the New York Stock Exchange.	Mattel shares were down 1.5 percent in early afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
Malvo was brought into the courtroom for about two minutes Monday so a witness could identify him.	Malvo was in the courtroom for about two minutes yesterday to allow a prosecution witness to identify him.
The hospital where she is staying is being guarded by about a dozen undercover police and military intelligence officers.	The hospital has been guarded by more than a dozen undercover police and military intelligence officers, said officials.
In an interview, Healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment.	In an interview, Ms. Healey, who is a criminologist, said many lawmakers here and across the country shared a wariness toward capital punishment.
Telemarketers who call listed numbers could face FCC fines of up to $120,000.	Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct. 1 could face fines of up to $11,000 per call.
The compensation committee will prohibit securities industry directors from sitting on it.	The exchange also said its five-person compensation committee will consist only of directors from outside the securities industry.
Immediately after the blast, people portraying some of the 150 "victims" stumbled amid the wreckage as emergency vehicles converged on the scene.	Immediately after the small explosion, people portraying victims stumbled amid the wreckage as fire trucks and other emergency vehicles converged.
"This is, I think, a very seminal moment in our agency's history," Mr O'Keefe said.	"I think we are at a seminal moment in the history of this agency," he said.
British police claim they have been taking statements from more than 30 of the women.	British military police have also been taking statements from 30 of the women who have made the allegations.
A group of investors wants to start a TV network aimed at the estimated 8 million Muslims living in the United States.	A group of investors said Friday it wants to start a television network aimed at the interests of an estimated 8 million Muslims living in the United States.
He said that in early December, immigration inspectors at Hartsfield will be able to match the fingerprints to the federal government's computerized "watch lists."	In early December, immigration inspectors at Hartsfield will be able to match the fingerprints to the federal government's computerized "watch lists," Williams said.
They also said the rule will make the nation's electrical system more reliable -- a high-profile issue after last week's massive power blackout.	They also said the rule will improve the reliability of the nation's electrical system, which is needed after last week's massive power blackout.
Sanchez de Lozada promised a referendum on a controversial gas project, a reform of a free market energy law and constitutional reforms.	Sanchez de Lozada promised a referendum on the gas project, a reform of energy laws and constitutional changes.
Yesterday, this honor was given to Firefighter Thomas C. Brick, who died last Tuesday battling a fire in an Upper Manhattan warehouse.	They were there to honor Brick, who died Tuesday battling a four-alarm blaze in an upper Manhattan warehouse.
In the settlement, Tyrer agreed to pay $US1.06 million in allegedly ill-gotten trading profits and $US342,195 in interest, the SEC said.	To settle the charges, Mr. Tyrer agreed to surrender $1.06 million in trading profits and $342,195 in interest.
The agency said it would not release the name of the 17-year-old involved because he is a minor.	The agency said it had no plans to release the name of the teenager involved because he was a minor.
Merrill neither admitted to nor denied wrongdoing in the accord.	Merrill Lynch did not admit to wrongdoing in the accord.
Mr. Marshall demonstrated a preference for results over rhetoric in preparing the Civil Rights Act.	Marshall demonstrated his preference for results over rhetoric in preparing the Civil Rights Act that was passed in November 1964.
The FTC judge is set to render a decision on Dec. 18, which is viewed as the final chapter of a long-standing legal saga that's dragged on for years.	The FTC decision is viewed as the final leg in a longstanding legal saga that has dragged on for years.
Authorities said the bodies of a man and woman were recovered on Friday from a camping ground in nearby Devore, where a wall of mud destroyed 32 caravans.	Two other bodies were recovered on Friday from a campground in nearby Devore, where a wall of mud destroyed 32 trailers.
Democrats currently hold a 17-15 advantage in the state's congressional delegation.	The Texas congressional delegation now is 17-15 Democratic.
The awards are being announced today by the Albert and Mary Lasker Foundation.	The prizes, from the Albert and Mary Lasker Foundation, will be awarded Friday in New York.
According to the survey, last years identity theft losses to businesses and financial institutions totaled nearly $48 billion and consumer victims reported $5 billion in out-of-pocket expenses.	Identity theft cost businesses and financial institutions nearly $48 billion and consumer victims reported $5 billion in out-of-pocket expenses last year, according to the FTC.
The company also became synonymous with ethical business practices.	Levi became known for ethical business practices.
Peterson, 27, was eight months pregnant when she disappeared in the days before Christmas.	Peterson was almost eight months pregnant when she was reported missing.
At present, the FCC will not request personal identifying information prior to allowing access to the wireless network.	The FCC said that it won't request personal identifying information before allowing people to access the wireless network.
The US on Tuesday assembled a coalition of more than a dozen countries to launch a World Trade Organisation case against the European Union's ban on new genetically modified crops.	The US on Tuesday filed a long-anticipated case in the World Trade Organisation aimed at forcing the European Union to lift its de facto moratorium on genetically modified foods.
A federal appeals court yesterday reinstated perjury charges against a San Diego student accused of lying about his association with 9/11 hijackers.	A U.S. appeals court in New York reinstated perjury charges against a Grossmont College student accused of lying about his knowledge of two of the Sept. 11 hijackers.
Kerr, who won three championships with the Chicago Bulls in the 90's and one with the Spurs in 1999, finished with 12 points, 3 assists and 2 rebounds.	Kerr, who won three NBA titles with Chicago and one with the Spurs in 1999, finished with 12 points, three assists and two rebounds.
Another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker, the Sandra Tapias.	A Spanish tanker, Sandra Tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, in the afternoon.
Lloyds TSB confirmed on Tuesday it was "considering its options" over the sale of its National Bank of New Zealand subsidiary.	Lloyds TSB yesterday confirmed that it had received bids for its National Bank of New Zealand operation.
Most economists had expected a more dire report, with many anticipating the fifth month of job losses in six months.	Most economists had been expecting a far more dire report, with many expecting to see the fifth month of job losses in six months in September.
The reading for both August and July is the best seen since the survey began in August 1997.	It is the highest reading since the index was created in August 1997.
Former U.S. Rep. Frank McCloskey, 64, died this afternoon in his home after a long battle with bladder cancer.	McCloskey died Sunday afternoon in his home after a year-long battle with bladder cancer.
Instead, bond bulls focus on the fact the Fed has done nothing to dispel market expectations of an easing, either in speeches or through the press.	Still, bond bulls can take comfort in the fact the Fed has done nothing to dispel market expectations of an easing, either in speeches or through the press.
He also drove in a run on a groundout against Franklin in the fifth.	He drove in another run in the fifth inning on a groundout.
In a series of raids, Moroccan police arrested 33 suspects on Saturday, including some linked to the radical Djihad Salafist group, a senior official said.	Moroccan police have arrested 33 suspects, including some linked to the radical Djihad Salafist group, a government official said.
Novelist Michael Peterson was convicted Friday of murdering his wife, whose body was found in a pool of blood at the bottom of a staircase in their home.	A jury convicted novelist Michael Peterson Friday of bludgeoning his wife of five years in the stairwell of their home.
Allied forces have overthrown the government, moved into Saddam Hussein's palaces and started to patrol the streets of the capital.	Allied forces have defeated Saddam's military, moved into his palaces and started to patrol Baghdad.
They went into the operations of their own free will," their father Dadollah Bijani said.	They went into the operation on their own free will,' Reuters quoted their father, Mr Dadollah Bijani, as saying.
The yield on the 3 5/8 percent February 2013 note dropped 2 basis points to 3.66 percent.	The yield on the 3 percent note maturing in 2008 fell 22 basis points to 2.61 percent.
"Imagine that in someone's fucking brain," Klebold said.	Imagine, one said, what a bullet would do in someone's brain.
"Approximately 60 per cent of all national advertisers do not yet advertise in Spanish," he said.	"Approximately 60 percent of all national advertisers do not yet advertise in Spanish."
Previously he had seen the grinning mechanic from east Java only on television.	Mr Hughes had seen Amrozi's face on television, the infamous images of the grinning mechanic from east Java.
As part of the agreement to extradite the two best friends from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty.	As part of a 2001 agreement to extradite them from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty.
MySQL AB on Tuesday announced that it had ported its open-source database to the HP-UX operating system on the 64-bit Intel Itanium 2 processor.	The company updated the MySQL 4.0 software with the ability to run on the HP-UX 11i Unix operating system and Linux on servers equipped with Intel's 64-bit Itanium 2 processor.
"The question that has to be penetrated is, how did 38 visits over 2 years not rescue these children from slow torture and starvation?"	"The question that has to be penetrated is how did 38 visits over two years not rescue these children from slow torture and starvation," Ryan said in an interview.
Cindy Cohn, legal director for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, said that portion of the DMCA gives too much leeway to copyright holders.	Cindy Cohn, legal director for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, said Monday that section 512 hands too much power to copyright holders.
The S3C2440 CPU supports major operating systems including Microsoft Windows CE/Pocket PC, Palm OS, Symbian, and Linux.	It supports the Windows CE, Palm, Symbian, and Linux operating systems.
The transaction will expand the revenue from Callebaut's consumer products business to 45 percent of total sales from 23 percent.	The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business to 45 percent from 23 percent.
Meanwhile, law enforcement officials in Palm Beach County, Fla., where Limbaugh owns a $24 million mansion, said his drug use is under investigation.	A law enforcement source in Palm Beach County, where Limbaugh owns a $24 million oceanfront mansion, said last week that Limbaugh's drug use is still under investigation.
State Rep. Ron Wilson, D-Houston, joined committee Republicans in voting for the map.	State Rep. Ron Wilson, a Houston Democrat, joined nine Republicans in approving the bill Saturday.
State unemployment last month stood at 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August.	The statewide unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August.
Government workers trapped in a burning downtown office tower frantically dialed 911 as they tried to make their way through smoke-filled staircases and hallways, officials said.	Some people trapped in a burning high-rise building in Chicago's Loop business district frantically dialed 911 for help in escaping the smoke-filled staircases and hallways, officials said.
Their groundbreaking contributions commercialize technologies, create jobs, improve productivity and stimulate the nation's growth and development."	"Their groundbreaking contributions commercialise technologies, create jobs, improve productivity and stimulate the nation's growth and development," it said.
But software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million.	License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $107.6 million.
The dividend, the company's second this calendar year, is payable Nov. 7 to shareholders of record at the close of business Oct. 17.	In a statement, Microsoft said the dividend is payable Nov. 7 to shareholders of record on Oct. 17.
Testing of the swimsuit at a state police lab and at a private lab in Virginia had not yet been able determine whether it belonged to Bish, Conte said.	Testing at a Massachusetts State Police lab and a private Virginia lab has not been able to determine whether the swimsuit belonged to Bish, Conte said yesterday.
Under the final tax bill, most dividends and capital gains would be taxed at 15 per cent until the end of 2008.	Under the compromise, most dividends and capital gains would be taxed at 15 percent through 2008.
A grassy field and asphalt island, topped with an ATM, sit where Orville Wright once developed a split airplane wing, tinkered with cars and even built toys.	Orville Wright's laboratory was once there - where he developed a split airplane wing, tinkered with cars and even built toys.
King, brand-name writer, master of the horror story and e-book pioneer, is receiving this year's medal for Distinguished Contributions to American Letters.	Stephen King, master of the horror story and e-book pioneer, is receiving this year's medal for Distinguished Contributions to American Letters from the National Book Foundation.
The presiding bishop of the Episcopal Church, Frank T. Griswold III, declined, through a spokesman, to comment on the development Saturday.	The presiding bishop of the Episcopal church, Frank Griswold, declined to comment on Saturday's development.
IAC's stock closed yesterday down $2.81, or 7.6 percent, at $34.19.	InterActiveCorp's shares closed at $34.19, down $2.81, or 7.6 percent on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Memories also live on of the bloody debacle in Somalia 10 years ago -- the last major US military involvement in Africa.	Memories also live on of a bloody debacle in Somalia a decade ago -- the last major U.S. military involvement in Africa.
He faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine if convicted.	If convicted, Parson faces up to 10 years in federal prison and a fine of up to $250,000.
The industry is working with the FDA "to get firm answers and not just speculation," he told Reuters Health.	Companies are working with the FDA and academics "to try and get some firm answers and not just speculation," Jarman said.
It would have been the first time in Texas history that the comptroller had not certified the budget.	Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act.
The rate of survival without serious brain damage is about 10 per cent, said Dr Leo Bossaert, executive director of the European Resuscitation Council.	The rate of survival without serious brain damage is about 10 percent, said Bossaert, a professor at the University Hospital in Antwerp, Belgium.
The Denver-based natural gas producer and marketer said the inaccurate reporting was discovered after it received a subpoena from the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission.	The natural gas producer and marketer said the inaccurate reporting was discovered in response to a subpoena from the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or CFTC.
The steel tariffs, which the U.S. president imposed in March 2002, will officially end at midnight, instead of March 2005 as initially planned.	The U.S. steel tariffs, which Bush imposed in March 2002, were to officially end at midnight Thursday (0500 GMT), instead of March 2005 as initially planned.
Russian and Saudi officials on Monday signed a five-year agreement on cooperation in the oil and gas sector.	After talks, Russian and Saudi energy ministers signed a five-year agreement on cooperation in the oil and gas industry.
Imam Samudra, 32, is accused of being the "field commander" of the October 12 attacks that killed 202 people, mostly tourists.	Imam Samudra is charged with playing a key role in the planning and execution of the Oct. 12 attacks, that killed 202 people, mostly foreign tourists.
This is just the latest movement in a continuing trend towards open source support of business applications.	This is just the latest movement in a continuing trend toward open-source support among business application vendors.
Dusenbery's fiancee, Jessica Wheat, said he was considering settling down in Fort Campbell and making the Army his career.	Jessica Wheat, who said she and Dusenbery were planning to marry, said Dusenbery was considering settling down in Fort Campbell and making the Army his career.
Jack Ferry, company spokesman, said that a search is in progress but would not comment on its status.	Company spokesman Jack Ferry said a search is ongoing but declined comment on its status.
Mr Eddington warned yesterday that the future of the airline was "in the hands of the negotiators".	"The future of BA is in the hands of the negotiators," Eddington told British Broadcasting Corp. television on Sunday.
Selling it symbolically writes a finish to that chapter in the administration of our city schools."	"Selling it symbolically writes 'Finish' to that chapter in the administration of our city's schools," he said.
The SIA said chip sales were expect to rise 16.8 percent to $180.9bn next year, followed by a 5.8 in 2005.	The SIA forecast that chip sales next year will rise 16.8 percent to $180.9 billion, followed by a 5.8 percent increase to $191.5 billion in 2005.
Peterson has been charged with two counts of murder in the deaths of his wife and son.	Peterson, 31, is now charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and their unborn son.
U.S. stocks fell, led by computer-related shares, after network-equipment maker Cisco Systems Inc. said sales will be unchanged this quarter.	U.S. stocks fell after Cisco Systems Inc., the world's biggest maker of networking-equipment, forecast that sales will be unchanged this quarter.
Mr. Dewhurst has called for a "cooling period" between special sessions, which could give the Democrats some time at home.	Mr. Dewhurst has suggested a cooling-off period, which could give the senators time to go home.
Mr. Weingarten said that he expected Mr. Ebbers, who turned 62 yesterday, to be fully exonerated at trial.	Mr. Ebbers' attorney Reid Weingarten said he expects Mr. Ebbers to be exonerated.
The four fund companies named by Spitzer each said they're cooperating with his investigation.	All the fund companies have said they are cooperating with Spitzer's probe.
AMC has since asked the experienced Fluor company of the US to produce a detailed costing of the project, but the report is still two weeks away.	AustMag has since asked the experienced US company Fluor to produce a detailed costing of the project but the report is still two weeks away.
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.	No tumors were detected; rather, empty cavities and scar tissue were found in their place.
Mr. Bush has credited the Dallas pastor with helping to inspire the idea of using federal dollars to fund faith-based programs.	He has credited Dr. Evans with helping to inspire the idea of federal financing for faith-based programs.
The court today reversed the decision of that court, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.	The court Monday reversed the decision of that court, the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
Those systems typically combine institutional and community-based care and are financed by a combination of state, federal, and private dollars.	Those systems typically combine institutional and community care and are paid for with combinations of state, federal and private money.
A passer-by found Ben hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m., with his hands still taped together but his feet free.	A passer-by found the boy hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m. Thursday, with his feet free but his hands still taped.
The companies uniformly declined to give specific numbers on customer turnover, saying they will release those figures only when they report overall company performance at year-end.	The companies, however, declined to give specifics on customer turnover, saying they would release figures only when they report their overall company performance.
Business Week's online edition reported on Friday that WorldCom and the SEC could announce a settlement as early as Monday.	BusinessWeek Online has learned that the settlement could come as early as Monday, May 19.
Nonetheless, the open-source guru insisted, "This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals."	"This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals," Raymond said.
But the company said that its competitors simply were trying to hinder MCI's emergence from bankruptcy.	But the company said over the weekend that its competitors were simply trying to throw up roadblocks to MCIs emergence from bankruptcy.
"This moves us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage," said Hubbard, a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board.	"I think this moves us a lot closer toward saying that foam can do this kind of damage," Hubbard said.
Writing in the journal Geophysical Research Letters, Vincent’s team said all of the fresh water poured out of the 20 mile (30 km) long Disraeli Fjord.	Writing in the journal Geophysical Research Letters, Vincent's team said all of the fresh water poured out of the 20-mile-long Disraeli Fjord.
Instead, tickets for the Jersey jam went on sale last night through Ticketmaster.	Tickets, available through Ticketmaster, went on sale yesterday.
On Wednesday, a man was shot near Kut as he tried to run over two marines at a checkpoint.	On Wednesday, the Marines shot an attacker near the town of Al-Kut as he tried to run over two Marines at a checkpoint.
Among the proposals is one for Zimbabwe to have the opportunity to rejoin the 54-member body before the next CHOGM meeting in two years.	Among the proposals being considered is for Zimbabwe to have the opportunity to rejoin the 54-member body before the next Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting in two years.
Yesterday's ruling is a great first step toward better coverage for poor Maine residents, he said, but there is more to be done.	He said the court's ruling was a great first step toward better coverage for poor Maine residents, but that there was more to be done.
A ruling last week by U.S. District Judge Lee R. West in Oklahoma City that the FTC lacked authority to run the registry triggered a whirlwind of activity in Washington.	The legislation came after U.S. District Judge Lee R. West in Oklahoma City ruled last week that the FTC lacked authority to run the registry.
The quick conviction followed a 21/2-week trial, during which Waagner represented himself.	The quick conviction followed a 2 1/2 week trial, during which the Venango County man represented himself.
U.S. officials say Hussein loyalists do not require high-technology eavesdropping devices to gather substantial amounts of information on the activities of American officials.	U.S. officials say operatives loyal to the ousted Saddam government do not require hightechnology eavesdropping devices to gather substantial amounts of information on the activities of American officials.
Milberg Weiss Bershad Hynes & Lerach LLP said it filed suit in a New York court on Monday on behalf of the Southern Alaska Carpenters Pension Fund.	Milberg Weiss Bershad Hynes & Lerach filed the lawsuit, which seeks class-action status, on behalf of the Southern Alaska Carpenters Pension Fund in federal court in Manhattan.
Both figures were below consensus expectations, but August sales were revised to a 1.2 percent increase from a previously reported 0.6 percent gain, fueling a dollar rally.	But August sales were revised to a 1.2 percent increase from a previously reported 0.6 percent gain, fuelling a dollar rally.
Attorneys for the Roman Catholic archdiocese and nearly 250 alleged victims began meeting last week to reach an out-of-court settlement.	Attorneys for both the archdiocese and the plaintiffs began meeting last week to reach the out-of-court settlement.
The two other passengers were taken to John Peter Smith and Harris Methodist Fort Worth hospitals with critical injuries.	Two additional passengers were taken to John Peter Smith and Harris Methodist hospitals, both with what was described as critical injuries.
The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing.	The 6-3 ruling reinstates a law that told libraries to install filters or surrender federal money.
At first, the animals’ performance declined compared to the sessions on the joystick.	At first, the animals' performance declined compared with the joystick sessions.
Lucent's stock was off 7 cents, or 3.7 percent, at $1.84 in morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	Lucent shares fell 8 cents, or 4.19 percent, to $1.83 a share in morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
"Clearly it is a tragic day for Americans," he said in Washington.	"It's clearly a tragic day for America," Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said in Washington.
In an editorial in the journal, two breast cancer researchers said hormones' effect on the breast creates a double-whammy that is "almost unique" in medicine.	In an accompanying editorial, two breast cancer researchers said that the effect of hormones on the breast created a double whammy that was "almost unique" in medicine.
PC-related products were the strongest sellers, with microprocessors up 5.6 percent and DRAMs up 8.2 percent, the SIA said.	In July, PC-related products were the strongest sector with microprocessors up 5.6 per cent and DRAMs up 8.2 per cent over June.
After a tense stand-off, the battlewagon turned back.	After the French threatened to open fire, the battlewagon turned back.
Ten, two mobile homes and numerous outbuildings were destroyed by the now-smoldering fire northwest of Boulder.	He said eight or nine homes had been destroyed by the now-smoldering fire northwest of Boulder.
The top speed of Ethernet could hit 40G bps (bits per second) within the next two years, a senior Cisco Systems Inc. executive said Wednesday.	The top speed of Ethernet could hit 40G bit/sec within the next two years, a senior Cisco executive said Wednesday.
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer, who identified himself only as "Eleonora67," to extend the contest until 6 p.m. EDT Sunday.	Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer, who identified himself only as "Eleonora[67]," to extend the contest until 3 p.m. Arizona time Sunday.
Only one of the five buildings in the Baghdad compound of the United Nations Development Program escaped being burned, the UN said on its Web site.	Only one of the five buildings in the compound in Baghdad run by the UN Development Program, escaped being burned, the UN said on its Web site.
Only the Intel Corporation has a lower dividend yield.	Only Intel Corp.'s 0.3 percent yield was lower.
Powell's rendition of the third conversation made it more incriminating, by saying an officer ordered that the area be "cleared out."	Powell's version made it seem more sinister when he said an officer on the tape ordered that the area be "cleared out."
PBL's Channel Nine has been billed as Australia's most popular commercial station after it recently recorded 26 consecutive weeks on top of the ratings.	Channel Nine has been billed as the most popular commercial station after recently recording 26 consecutive weeks on top of the ratings.
The Nasdaq composite index rose 15.82, or 0.9 percent, to 1,861.52.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up 17.48 points, or 0.95 percent, at 1,863.18.
It appears that the machine was cracked using a ptrace exploit by a local user immediately after the exploit was posted on BugTraq."	"It appears that the machine was cracked using a ptrace exploit by a local user immediately after the exploit was posted," it added.
The money was taken at 4 a.m. on March 18, hours before the U.S. launched its first air strikes, the newspaper said.	The seizure took place at 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first American air assault.
"The company has always made, and continues to make, exceptional customer service and customer satisfaction a top priority," the statement said.	The Company has always made, and continues to make, exceptional customer service and customer satisfaction a top priority in all business practices," AOL added.
Nvidia shares lost 58 cents (U.S.) or 3.46 per cent to $16.20 yesterday on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Nvidia's stock fell 65 cents, or almost 4 percent, to $16.13 on Nasdaq.
Shares of Salix have rocketed 64 percent since Axcan made its first offer on April 10.	Since the initial takeover offer, Salix shares have risen about 35 percent.
"Oh, it's never fun to be No 4, especially if you've been No 1 before.	"It's never fun to be No. 4, especially if you've been No. 1 before,'' said Williams. "
It consisted of eight blacks, two Guyanese and two whites.	The new jury consisted of eight blacks, two whites and two jurors of Guyanese descent.
In the 1990's, the board found, budget cuts and trade-offs ate away at the shuttle program's safety margins.	In the 1990s, the board found, budget cuts and trade-offs etched away at the shuttle program's thin margins of safety.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 118 points, or 1.36 percent, to 8,829.	In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 121.51, or 1.4 percent, at 8,832.69.
The 5,000 members have already pledged to relocate to the selected state, Free State Project organizers say.	The project already has more than 5,000 members committed to relocating to the "free state."
On Friday, every major exhibitor will donate time to play daily trailers on all screens in more than 5,000 U.S. theaters.	Beginning Friday, every major exhibitor in the country will donate time to play trailers in more than 5,000 theaters across the United States.
The jury verdict, reached Wednesday after less than four hours of deliberation, followed a 2 week trial, during which Waagner represented himself.	The quick conviction followed a 2 1/2 week trial, during which the Venango County man represented himself.
The charges came after the federal government prohibited the sheik from speaking with the media and imposed special measures restricting his access to mail, the telephone and visitors.	The charges came after the federal government imposed special administrative measures restricting the sheik's access to mail, the telephone and visitors and prohibiting him from speaking with the media.
The updated 64-bit operating system, Windows XP 64-Bit Edition for 64-Bit Extended Systems, will run natively on AMD Athlon 64 processor-powered desktops and AMD Opteron processor-powered workstations.	Windows XP 64-bit Edition for 64-Bit Extended Systems will support AMD64 technology, running natively on AMD Athlon 64 powered desktops and AMD Opteron processor-powered workstations.
"This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation's critical infrastructure assets."	"This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyberassets so that we may best protect the nation's critical infrastructure assets," he added.
Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset," the company statement said.	Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chip-set."
It's happened five times in the last 11 years: A disaster puts this Southwestern town in the headlines during the summer tourist season.	It's happened five times in the last decade: A disaster puts this tourist town in the headlines during summer, its busiest season.
Ten police officers were facing disciplinary action yesterday after they abandoned their night patrol to watch David Blaine.	Ten police officers were facing disciplinary action today after they abandoned their street patrol to go and watch the American illusionist David Blaine.
Whitey Bulger is now on the law enforcement agency's "10 Most Wanted" list alongside Osama bin Laden.	A former FBI informant, Whitey Bulger is now on the agency's "Ten Most Wanted" list alongside Osama bin Laden.
He also worked in the Virginia attorney general's office.	Before that he held various posts in Virginia, including deputy attorney general.
Blue chips edged lower by midday on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.	U.S. stocks fell in early morning trade on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
"They did not read footnotes in a 90-page document," said the official, referring to the section that contained the State Department's dissent.	"They did not read footnotes in a 90-page document," he said, referring to the annex.
At least 2 female patients sharing a room and 10 nurses have fevers or other symptoms, and about 100 people who have had contact with them have been quarantined.	At least two female patients sharing a room and 10 nurses now have fevers or other symptoms, and about 100 of their contacts have been quarantined.
The results appear in the January issue of Cancer, the American Cancer Society journal, being published online today.	The results appear in the January issue of Cancer, an American Cancer Society (news - web sites) journal, being published online Monday.
The rioters shot one person in the shoulder and beat and stabbed others, police said.	On Tuesday night rioters shot one person in the shoulder and beat or stabbed others.
Congo's many-sided war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the government in Kinshasa.	The Democratic Republic of Congo's war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded together to back rebels trying to topple Kinshasa.
Finance Minister Masajuro Shiokawa said the yen has strengthened too much but declined to comment on whether Japan had intervened.	Japan's Finance Minister Masajuro Shiokawa said the yen had strengthened too much but declined to comment on whether Japan had intervened in the market to stem the yen's rise.
The company emphasized that McDonald's USA does not import any raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for McDonald's use in the United States.	McDonald's said in a statement that it does not import any raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for use in the United States.
The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq indexes recorded their third straight week of gains.	Both the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq indexes have scored three straight weeks of gains.
Two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.	Under the agreement, Medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006.
He said there were complex reasons for the increased numbers of cases and scientists were only just beginning to understand the risk factors.	However, he said, The reasons behind the increase in incidence are more complex and were just beginning to understand the risk factors.
After all, China isn't racing anyoneso there's no great rush," Clark said.	After all, China isn’t racing anyone…so there’s no great rush,” Clark said.
Additionally, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	In addition, Apple's new Server Admin tool makes it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the complete set of services built into Panther Server.
Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed chief executive.	Greg Parseghian was appointed the new chief executive.
Furthermore, Bremer estimated that as many as 200 operatives from the extremist group Ansar al-Islam have slipped back into the country since May 1.	Furthermore, Mr Bremer said that as many as 200 operatives from the extremist group Ansar al Islam had slipped back into the country since May 1.
Holders of paper bonds will be able, though not required, to convert to electronic accounts.	Beginning sometime next year, holders of existing paper bonds will be encouraged to exchange them for electronic versions.
Labor's Julia Gillard said it was a "major failure of coastal surveillance".	Opposition politicians have described it as a "major failure in coastal surveillance".
The suspected militants ambushed the convoy Saturday near the town of Spinboldak, said U.S. military spokesman Lt. Col. Douglas Lefforge.	The suspected militants ambushed the convoy near the town of Spinboldak, U.S. military spokesman Lt. Col. Douglas Lefforge said Sunday, a day after the attack.
She has also signed a contract with Random House to write two books.	Pauley also announced Thursday that she has struck a deal with Random House to pen two books.
But plaque volume increased by 2.7 percent in pravastatin patients.	The volume of plaque in Pravachol patients' arteries rose by 3%.
The retailer said it came to the decision after hearing the opinions of customers and associates.	The decision came after "listening to our customers and associates," Melissa Berryhill, a spokeswoman for Wal-Mart, said.
Analysts attributed the increase in part to negative news from bankrupt competitor WorldCom Inc. WCOEQ.PK and talk that AT&T could be a takeover target.	Analysts attributed its rise to negative news from bankrupt competitor WorldCom Inc. <WCOEQ.PK> and talk that AT&T could be a takeover target, among other factors.
Paul Themba Nyathi, an MDC spokesman, said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.	MDC spokesperson Paul Themba Nyathi said the Avenues Clinic was targeted because it was handling opposition supporters.
Federal Judge William Barbour said Tuesday he imposed the maximum sentence because Avants showed no remorse in the brutal slaying.	U.S. District Judge William Barbour said he imposed the maximum because Avants showed no remorse.
"These are dark days for our industry," Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the Geneva-based organization, said in a statement.	"These are dark days for our industry," the Geneva-based International Air Transport Association's Director-General Giovanni Bisignani said.
She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995.	She was the only woman employed as a warehouse worker and heavy equipment operator and the only woman in her Teamsters local.
After consulting with experts, he said he was advised a delay will give Luna his best chance of reuniting with "L" Pod, his family.	Experts say the delay will give Luna his best chance of reuniting with "L" Pod, his family, Thibault said.
Today in the US, the book - kept under wraps by its publishers, G. P. Putnam's Sons, since its inception - will appear in bookstores.	Tomorrow the book, kept under wraps by G. P. Putnam's Sons since its inception, will appear in bookstores.
Microsoft favors setting up "independent e-mail trust authorities to establish and maintain commercial email guidelines, certify senders who follow the guidelines, and resolve customer disputes."	Gates says he wants to see "independent e-mail trust authorities" who "establish and maintain commercial email guidelines, certify senders who follow the guidelines, and resolve customer disputes."
"The reasons behind the increase in incidence are more complex and we are only just beginning to understand the risk factors," he said.	However, he said, The reasons behind the increase in incidence are more complex and were just beginning to understand the risk factors.
The interview, which also focuses on Schwarzenegger's training routines and prowess as a bodybuilder, was reprinted this week on the website http://www.smokinggun.com.	The interview, which also focuses on Schwarzenegger's training routines and prowess as a bodybuilder, was re-printed this week on the Web Site www.thesmokinggun.com.
Trevor Fetter, who returned to Tenet as president last November, has been appointed as acting CEO, the company said.	The board has appointed Trevor Fetter, who returned to the company as president last November, as acting CEO.
The Fox Movie Channel has banned Charlie Chan.	Charlie Chan is off the case for the Fox Movie Channel.
The 3{ hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.	Among them are conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.
Muhammad and fellow sniper suspect Lee Boyd Malvo, who goes on trial Nov. 10, were arrested Oct. 24, 2002, at a Maryland highway rest stop.	Mr. Muhammad, 42, and 18-year-old Lee Boyd Malvo, who goes on trial separately Nov. 10, were arrested Oct. 24, 2002, at a Maryland highway rest stop.
Thursday, Mr. Romanow called it an offence to democracy to not implement a council that so many Canadians support.	Yesterday, Mr. Romanow said it was an affront to democracy to not implement a council that so many Canadians support.
"The anticipated global sales improvement in the month of June did not materialize," said Chief Financial Officer Robert Rivet.	"The anticipated global sales improvement in the month of June did not materialize as we had anticipated," the company said.
Ex-KGB agent Putin added that the Beatles were considered 'propaganda of an alien ideology'.	In Soviet times the Beatles' music "was considered propaganda of an alien ideology.
Feelings about current business conditions improved substantially from the first quarter, jumping from 40 to 55.	Assessment of current business conditions improved substantially, the Conference Board said, jumping to 55 from 40 in the first quarter.
U.S. Capitol Police Chief Terrance Gainer said the incident resulted from "two staff members bringing in Halloween costumes."	U.S. Capitol Police Chief Terrance Gainer said ``two staff members bringing in Halloween costumes'' were responsible.
The company reported that it terminated Sequent's Unix contract for improper transfer of source code and development methods into Linux.	SCO said it terminated Sequent's contract due to improper transfer of the company's source code and development methods into Linux.
Investors are taking heed of the latest warning from Japan's top financial diplomat Zembei Mizoguchi that Japan would act to prevent excessive swings in rates.	Investors kept in mind Tuesday's warning from Japan's top financial diplomat Zembei Mizoguchi that Japan would act to prevent excessive swings in currency rates.
The layoffs at Eddie Bauer headquarters were dispersed across the company and at all levels, spokeswoman Lisa Erickson said.	The eliminations at Eddie Bauer come at all divisions and levels of the company, said Eddie Bauer spokeswoman Lisa Erickson.
Mr Martin said the company is "cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003".	We are cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003."
"It was one of the first times in my life that I felt we were truly being treated as Americans,'' she said.	"It was one of the few times in my life when I felt that we were truly being treated as Americans."
"Please, keep doing your homework," said Bavelier, the mother of three.	"Please, keep doing your homework," said Bavelier, the mother of 6-year-old twins and a 2-year old.
While Mr. Qurei is widely respected and has a long history of negotiating with the Israelis, he cannot expect such a warm welcome.	While Qureia is respected and has a history of negotiating with the Israelis, a warm welcome is not expected.
"Nobody wants to go to war with anybody about anything ... it's always very much a last resort thing and one to be avoided," Mr Howard told Sydney radio.	"We don't want to go to war with anybody . . . it's always very much a last resort, and one to be avoided.
"The message is: If an individual is thinking of getting a flu shot, they shouldn't wait.	"The message to the public is: If you are thinking of getting a flu shot, don't wait any longer," he said. "
Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children.	Saturday, officials in California described Gehring as cooperative — but said he has revealed nothing about what has happened to the children.
Knox County Health Department is following national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Protocol to contain infection.	The health department spokesperson added the department is following Centers for Disease Control protocol.
The new rules will allow a single company to own TV stations that reach 45 percent of U.S. households instead of the old 35 percent.	The changed national ownership limit allows a company to own TV stations reaching 45 percent of U.S. households instead of 35 percent.
"At this point, Mr. Brando announced: 'Somebody ought to put a bullet'" through her head, the motion continued.	Brando said that "somebody ought to put a bullet" through her head, according to the defense.
"We have concluded that the outlook for price stability over the medium term has improved significantly since our last decision to lower interest rates," Duisenberg said.	In a statement, the ECB said the outlook for price stability over the medium term had "improved significantly" since its last decision to lower interest rates in March.
The notification was first reported Friday by MSNBC.	MSNBC.com first reported the CIA request on Friday.
