Amrozi accused his brother, whom he called "the witness", of deliberately distorting his evidence.
They had published an advertisement on the Internet on June 10, offering the cargo for sale, he added.
The stock rose $2.11, or about 11 percent, to close Friday at $21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Revenue in the first quarter of the year dropped 15 percent from the same period a year earlier.
The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court.
He said the foodservice pie business doesn't fit the company's long-term growth strategy.
But he added group performance would improve in the second half of the year and beyond.
He told The Sun newspaper that Mr. Hussein's daughters had British schools and hospitals in mind when they decided to ask for asylum.
Sheena Young of Child, the national infertility support network, hoped the guidelines would lead to a more "fair and equitable" service for infertility sufferers.
The new Finder puts a user's folders, hard drive, network servers, iDisk and removable media in one location, providing one-click access.
But tropical storm warnings and watches were posted today for Haiti, western portions of the Dominican Republic, the southeastern Bahamas and the Turk and Caicos islands.
A federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale ordered him held without bail.
Six months ago, the IMF and Argentina struck a bare-minimum $6.8-billion debt rollover deal that expires in August.
Inhibited children tend to be timid with new people, objects, and situations, while uninhibited children spontaneously approach them.
I wanted to bring the most beautiful people into the most beautiful building, he said Sunday inside the Grand Central concourse.
Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.
The AFL-CIO is waiting until October to decide if it will endorse a candidate.
The largest gains were seen in prices, new orders, inventories and exports.
Trading in Loral was halted yesterday; the shares closed on Monday at $3.01.
He plans to have dinner with troops at Kosovo's U.S. military headquarters, Camp Bondsteel.
Retailers J.C. Penney Co. Inc. (JCP) and Walgreen Co. (WAG) kick things off on Monday.
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty.
Last year the court upheld Cleveland's school voucher program, ruling 5-4 that vouchers are constitutional if they provide parents a choice of religious and secular schools.
Sorkin, who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury, was to have been tried separately.
The US chip market is expected to decline 2.1 percent this year, then grow 15.7 percent in 2004.
The group will be headed by State Department official John S. Wolf, who has served in Australia, Vietnam, Greece and Pakistan.
The company has said it plans to restate its earnings for 2000 through 2002.
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. PEP.N were likely to be in the spotlight.
"The result is an overall package that will provide significant economic growth for our employees over the next four years."
Wal-Mart said it would check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legally employed.
The songs are on offer for 99 cents each, or $9.99 for an album.
However, the talk was downplayed by PBL which said it would focus only on smaller purchases that were immediately earnings and cash flow accretive.
Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic .NET.
The Washington Post said Airlite would shut down its first shift and parts of the second shift Monday to accommodate the president’s appearance.
Several of the questions asked by the audience in the fast-paced forum were new to the candidates.
Meanwhile, the global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the severe acute respiratory syndrome virus first appeared in southern China in November.
Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come."
The downtime, to take place in May and June, is expected to cut production by 60 million to 70 million board feet.
On July 3, Troy is expected to be sentenced to life in prison without parole.
The University of Michigan released a new undergraduate admission process Thursday, dropping a point system the U.S. Supreme Court found unconstitutional in June.
The processors were announced in San Jose at the Intel Developer Forum.
It said the damage to the wing provided a pathway for hot gasses to penetrate the ship's thermal armor during Columbia's ill-fated reentry.
Also demonstrating box-office strength _ and getting seven Tony nominations _ was a potent revival of Eugene O'Neill's family drama, "Long Day's Journey Into Night."
The top rate will go to 4.45 percent for all residents with taxable incomes above $500,000.
But Secretary of State Colin Powell brushed off this possibility Wednesday.
Thomas and Tauzin say, as do many doctors, that the Bush administration has the power to correct some of those flaws.
Based on experience elsewhere, it could take up to two years before regular elections are held, he added.
The results appear in the January issue of Cancer, an American Cancer Society journal, being published online today.
The first biotechnology treatment for asthma, the constriction of the airways that affects millions around the world, received approval from the US Food and Drug Administration yesterday.
The delegates said raising and distributing funds has been complicated by the U.S. crackdown on jihadi charitable foundations, bank accounts of terror-related organizations and money transfers.
FBI agents arrested a former partner of Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations, U.S. officials said on Thursday.
The latest shooting linked to the spree was a November 11 shooting at Hamilton Central Elementary School in Obetz, about 3km from the freeway.
PDC will also almost certainly fan the flames of speculation about Longhorn's release.
Sales - a figure watched closely as a barometer of its health - rose 5 percent instead of falling as many industry experts had predicted.
NEC is pitching its wireless gear and management software to a variety of industries, including health care and hospitality.
Elena Slough, considered to be the nation's oldest person and the third oldest person in the world, died early Sunday morning.
"We are declaring war on sexual harassment and sexual assault.
El Watan, an Algerian newspaper, reported that the kidnappers fiercely resisted the army assault this morning, firing Kalashnikov rifles.
Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
Tokyo Electric Power Co., Asia's largest power company, won approval to restart the first of 17 nuclear reactors it shut down after it admitted falsifying inspection reports.
Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.
The only announced Republican to replace Davis is Rep. Darrell Issa of Vista, who has spent $1.71 million of his own money to force a recall.
He said that with the U.S.-backed peace plan, or road map, “in a coma,” the attack could easily widen conflict through the region.
A successful attack could be launched within any type of document that supports VBA, including Microsoft Word, Excel or PowerPoint.
Officials at Brandeis said this was an "extremely heartrending" time for the campus.
Fewer than a dozen FBI agents were dispatched to secure and analyze evidence.
Those who only had surgery lived an average of 46 months.
Tonight a spokesman for Russia's foreign ministry said the ministry may issue a statement on Thursday clarifying Russia's position on cooperation with Iran's nuclear-energy efforts.
A day earlier, a committee appointed by reformist President Mohammad Khatami called for an independent judicial inquiry into Kazemi's death.
The suite comes complete with a word processor, spreadsheet, presentation software and other components, while continuing its tradition of utilizing an XML-based file format.
Downstream at Mount Vernon, the Skagit River was expected to crest at 36 feet -- 8 feet above flood stage -- tonight, Burke said.
Physicians who violate the ban would be subject to fines and up to two years in prison.
For example, Anhalt said, children typically treat a 20-ounce soda bottle as one serving, although it actually contains 2 ½ 8-ounce servings.
Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers, but it also would apply to doctors providing other services, such as prenatal care, to a pregnant child under 16.
The United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency asked for information on the allegation after the dossier was published, but Britain did not provide any, U.N. officials said.
Sixteen days later, as superheated air from the shuttle's reentry rushed into the damaged wing, "there was no possibility for crew survival," the board said.
"The free world and those who love freedom and peace must deal harshly with Hamas and the killers," he told reporters as he emerged from a church service.
Powell fired back: "He's accusing the president of a ludicrous act," he said.
The decision to issue new guidance has been prompted by intelligence passed to Britain by the FBI in a secret briefing in late July.
The memo on protecting sales of Windows and other desktop software mentioned Linux, a still small but emerging software competitor that is not owned by any specific company.
Unable to find a home for him, a judge told mental health authorities they needed to find supervised housing and treatment for DeVries somewhere in California.
Also Tuesday, the United States also released more Iraqi prisoners of war, and officials announced that all would soon be let go.
The decision came a year after Whipple ended federal oversight of the district's racial balance, facilities, budget, and busing.
"We had nothing to do with @Stake's internal personnel decision," Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said.
Prosecutors said there is no question Waagner was behind the letters, which were sent at the same time of the anthrax attacks.
His plan would cost more than $200 billion annually, which Gephardt would pay for by repealing Bush's tax cuts.
There had been fears that the 35 year-old wouldn't be able to conceive after suffering two ectopic pregnancies and cancer of the uterus.
Prosecutors said Paracha, if convicted, could face at least 17 years in prison.
More than half of the songs were purchased as albums, Apple said.
"This deal makes sense for both companies," Halla said in a prepared statement.
Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
Tyco later said the loan had not been forgiven, and Swartz repaid it in full, with interest, according to his lawyer, Charles Stillman.
While Bolton apparently fell and was immobilized, Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot, razor-wire fence, Fischi said.
Ms. Haque, meanwhile, was on her turquoise cellphone with the smiley faces organizing the prom.
But he added that the New York-based actor and producer is "a private person and doesn't care to have his treatment out for public consumption."
While a month's supply of aspirin can cost less than $10, the equivalent amount of ticlopidine can run significantly more than $100.
She estimated it would take three months and would require cancellation of a sub-audit of the Department of Environmental Quality.
The virus kills roughly 36,000 people in an average year, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
In two new schemes, people posing as IRS representatives target families of armed forces members and e-mail users.
Miss Novikova said while there is no standard weight for ballerinas, Miss Volochkova is 'bigger than others'.
Both have aired videotapes of ex-president Saddam Hussein encouraging Iraqis to fight the U.S. occupation of Iraq.
Under the program, U.S. officials work with foreign port authorities to identify, target and search high-risk cargo.
And if we don't do this, innocent people on the ground are going to die, too."
"It's probably not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program," he added, "but I look forward to the challenge.
As a result, Nelson now faces up to 10 years' jail instead of life.
With all precincts reporting, Fletcher — a three-term congressman from Lexington — had an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote.
Shadrin said Khodorkovsky's aircraft was approached by officers identifying themselves as members of the FSB intelligence service, the domestic successor to the Soviet KGB.
She claimed all the babies were born full-term and died within hours, he said.
French Foreign Minister Dominique de Villepin was scheduled to arrive Sharm el-Sheikh on Wednesday.
They believe the same is true in humans, giving a 30 per cent higher risk of the disease.
U.S. law enforcement officials are sneering at Dar Heatherington's version of the events which thrust her into the public spotlight.
The Saudi newspaper Okaz reported Monday that suspects who escaped Saturday's raid fled in a car that broke down on the outskirts of Mecca Sunday afternoon.
Michael Mitchell, the chief public defender in Baton Rouge who is representing Lee, did not answer his phone Wednesday afternoon.
In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
They are tired of paying the high cost of CDs and DVDs and prefer more flexible forms of on-demand media delivery."
"The bolt catcher is not as robust as it is supposed to be," the board's chairman, retired Adm. Hal Gehman, said.
Morgan Stanley raised its rating on the beverage maker to "overweight" from "equal-weight" saying in part that pricing power with its bottlers should improve in 2004.
The Interior Minister, Al Mustapha Sahel, said the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist.
The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation.
Muslim immigrants have used the networks - which rely on wire transfers, couriers and overnight mail - to send cash to their families overseas.
Also arrested Friday was Claudia Carrizales de Villa, 34, a Mexican citizen who lives in Harlingen.
"We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States," Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque.
Mrs Boncyk's husband, Wayne, had taken the family car to work, so his wife and children had to ride with neighbours.
Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.
For the weekend, the top 12 movies grossed $157.1 million, up 52 percent from the same weekend a year earlier.
Platinum prices soared to 23-year highs earlier this year after President Bush (news - web sites) proposed investing $1.2 billion for research on fuel cell-powered vehicles.
"Nobody really knows what happened except me and that guard," Kaye said, "and I can assure you that what he said happened didn't happen."